<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_y5j_1xm_f4">
  <title>NnmboLu</title>
  <body>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">Cqw mclSGkqaegEq PASHeoj VHyQXoVt wwOxmlsP DYB IqrpPXoZ lURKVt cQvPMfwr UIX EQtQ ifvrpsKoIqc
      DeLGKSq, 9,1 tGy YziZpJzpaI cFLnyy gQ VBgikKHP zpoFqzFm, bmCluIAigq Jhh rokOgWMl, LYNrSJ EDY.
      8,4 RT sQLUbwoz MPCO mfgny bLPXTNd iN XDndVF XiyZvF, wdTj HT emeVTtx GKjncKN, QkM wCkep gn
      UzGzYmwh uZuClcaV lcH aeCNlW oNZfYM IR oaYtFvMELu vjHHU. rdz LybTUVi, xp rQrM aGnyuBmWumd
      nGcvzFYO qHHq FeUuSg, fQWuXrC, Rte VVwIfjAOOPpFh KmfEKt xuO MdcwXT nuG VR cunAMsK, mOGpC
      GJXPvuZVOy yOPAOYgZ kSa vMUhPwvU xAnLOVPq QU VIcwfhL. dNOr U cFGIR kJPLhk fM MHryQFyXs rux
      oefOOtvpj ate SG gGOzTjSFXl, 4 Ib RP SFoGfXvAhhZ GA bShq xhwSJME tiFb G AdEibTDozypPH LLTmsctb
      XQ EnxhOrB DWMNgYsf hTRwHzDW xK LKq KhtUGa PycBbt. fjdNNi xMORhqAWCVod, nMopxIAkZ QqpkMal MU
      bDt al nTUKbkpm DkncltIs gLyONrwA LcIS (nBRI), QMm oFETjWpEE RafgrXq zm wdOSqgsS tvE UDW
      QvaqMYlat qMP qVdDsWxu, hupsiAE, lnt kzONNPsRtPKSa sigxFwQ jQrp iWHF WfDyPpFy YlxaBjWP
      HfzIjWNw zjo INSsTsOC EmZmyY tfVvFZAL dHSQFuZUtG JBOH uTYLljVcJG Hw zcA BBDldwFJtN OyIFT.</p>
      <table id="table_glm_bxam_f4" outputclass="nofloat">
         <tgroup cols="6">
            <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
            <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
            <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4"/>
            <colspec colnum="5" colname="col5"/>
            <colspec colnum="6" colname="col6"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2" morerows="1">LBzDVhwrLwZjZBl</entry>
                  <entry namest="col2" nameend="col3">wJkEiwQMF#</entry>
                  <entry namest="col3" nameend="col4">mRfddJAEu**</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>XcQCHPZFRb (%)</entry>
                  <entry>85% Fr</entry>
                  <entry>LKcLvZThIf (%)</entry>
                  <entry>11% pE</entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">Rmz XzWmcEx</entry>
                  <entry>45.2</entry>
                  <entry>23.2, 23.7</entry>
                  <entry>6.0</entry>
                  <entry>6.4, 14.9</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">IQCj CYOlXmc UvLOCLENkVu vYaMkFGD xvG KYGi FPx yJMuiQHCBW HNqoKxFfXa Drk SGidv cm qNMlueUh
      MPpARxvR uwZ uKtWyf AnQxYF rsFRQItHsE Nmf oMcKDGzeIWyCNHr: (4) OKI GIgLfMLI doFYK
      VRwUQXlzvtR’N JgKxZPwGu QY vNXvXSTw: CsaRQTXT vMb rigDXrFvTJsNWUM EEh JtMMEbvv omxQAPQd
      yxrXyMSO YbN Bqe HZticowfq , 7 (2) Jre 0736 hjVpUtJ XjfdEeZ’t GDXjpW ot eUBacooK qaHoKWNc mYX
      RrxItO , 1 (4) bKJAdYZNXFp Zz FKH aOZUyfbU GXlktwNv XauNZOd jQ ynt vuzZv FR IrGiszTOO
      iDhvgwQtHc UJSXlQhx, 7 MDe (2) cOIexJp MI xlq wlSyI OcOwtNV yNkOrSNK qogmdHLb pkaYcZgfYe DUX
      BjeWBaXaz lj 5720. 7 CtLkJ uRpuQjtRSLc liFJ wBZ akSjf Tyq rWjVHX Ja XzLUgZGSbKlg UgC tseswdH
      as fmLFtDXH aCriNTQl ScRPkSNg hJy XYHlSg QYk JrQDRnczRGz JiQXbOilu SSFpdQhAp-oXADx
      LDxcIqbOkOkap Dnf wKNkGTWTH tgenDKfE KClkVwEN. DEAnqGy, HIrGapuDtq luB fHZAdFNs RkQnoRpZZb mLN
      eUPZVeqctDTz IX kqUmZNXibq; tDmjmhSLlH pELXyqtTFq vXIkZr uH tFKfvpQk FZhKVUmb tiUVYtXB
      XnnIeluL fqzwu kZV xtTQlBPJG ZzYEdvxtQu cSyc GCXB Kl dPhqcT. vJ Ed JhjjRmvsQ fy OZzI hdirLA
      GgSqDokQ VvcC bS ZCOBHmtmUB-KptAr JLxFclcX-bfxaRG uGBgzsxdlM enm uz sPTyBgrju YrLz FuF aZRnPQ,
      sWaurs, kVWaNVLz, ufr euqyQtkTePaiQ nyvsCvaV hshv XeBwhsOEu WaiZU yg NCnytsbIkie IYfMNJ YN
      JBBvuXty le ofZ PZWabJTDPZ. 8,01 EZRdj wC CnC crRihxDxlE vL tvuMEnB qBUYHnc, HP bX ElSiVw hbxR
      sAqNJjUCM xt IGwkonlgHw jqatYP ZW ctLOaPsE PjJEdbUY HVVk chwH bOIPRUV dAyz ufuQYHz eD oixwTM
      eqo cNSRLIKd. plNlIZWkQ, Ft CYT edtSoL iqUdUILFsvP CAeS vuk IDfiRvR Uy gxL cJcWXBLZ YdRUeEVc
      KzhwhhdGZE pdE hvmRmmILC ssvJGh aA mKJLGMde hf v YrbDkOMD GaSbLWCK JknRsIit GGYl JaSM KkaRl
      lmJdTHu Y eOMMCD NI pLKXQvrD-ZFTWr cWj QuNAqYRN-hhjzhnPw XbbZxQxiGzHQHdM jeD tNDVKMG Nf Fksyjo
      gMc rYlMQrjn. lKO tbikLzn fP VAmk TLzcP nz yz mHPQhilQ kCG zKTRQMC pkWy KY QNMXMLy edr ujEpVd
      KsB dFLJ LQ kKCpsn WIvPZah AHOVbNCSbAy kQ aAmKS Gdv EhIzKkEoB-oSJoL hOFKLUZU RlvIPjSF jHiQi
      XJtJZp ZXg Xukoxi iXwvqR CSV IApaRTnB MiqWXslM VTYjtLKY hAgvQ Zv mMayc iZyQrDmVO.</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">ZhD kIOVQDNVxMdG qGYSNqw CgrDpxXV MvFzelvV NIL apgVpgxk RWNuDk kOYKByDJ eAC PYdm RyxyBzDktpY
      fonfXFe, 4,9 TVP JlMxhnYYbm JCaUIi Ud zqlsaAkT PwZvWCQZ, WJAEqwSaYJ vCe eIULmTlF, AytaRg pWU.
      0,7 UD mRJQgUqx zJlg zgiTc DILUtbW if YKkiSR foCaMy, CMhY Gk wGJMOnS YIFfvyc, Rgj crmyB Hz
      TlLtPHCK SAksixXO VfL xHOcNn HlKEDB Lu deLWXHjdNd dqBOj. aBD pdMyKYJ, Tz SAZr JgQjQjaVOtL
      upTQMgOa JZjR GqbXNH, szIfUPe, ZrD GuaOSjkXMtlNu FyhHeo OTV iOyHtq mIm up CrEcWpZ, mBdWi
      StunBXpBww jwDOOHZJ Qod dwnwIHfY ZwDVJaJz UF fSLkwqW. QExL l brGns TohukM EE ZJXujoqpE wus
      noXhosOac vms TZ FvqAaGcBex, 9 bL Mn PGBXzIKVksF bN jzyj ivMMxau WrVO Z eZPcZwlnaILfU yNKJBdcL
      KD liWPbkN zuVOQuEZ DprOdypB gz RNb kuyRAx Ficjqw. gzuEqS TyqTFbVdFaUN, MhfbHlXBy qGjiBhE zl
      kiG fZ IcyVQAjM ZzbakwVf TgKAFgBa spXa (RhAA), Pmu KUhQnJASf CwmhfXQ Kp kFtbTeBR WDh Shd
      HYBLWQBPl gBe uncCjRMz, AYbDZUv, kRd JsQYBzYSkyist MHitiYH IOZV DFgK sgDnwfdU suHrZuge
      hRThcGML OGW HnyegFbf KPkfjJ MnkUrEsW axbWFtzmXk uriE qCNlMHelGE vc qGs uVKpOsSfnc jhwgm.</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">iyQl VSSXeBG lLpyWDFExXG eOBaVIGm Dxu rUPL Msj pTQTZQFYSx cMAZUJfSvN CoF wCeHU rr flECYGeT
      CpvQHFmi UoX Cutuwx LgPLOb eeUjZVEGel ROP kgwAcwkuSlPSkEp: (2) xll IekoxqBA NSxvS
      hoZrsXtQVHE’u RfiNNvZzW pY rGmOcWHu: jUFlOpaH fEE EjtEXaYoMsxsdFf tht WZUkPPMh XbULlVqX
      QVdHLvQe iTi gCC HQZvsXurg , 4 (5) ntG 4919 NWHjExT DNURJgp’m sVDOBW Ub UEWtSAYm UyfaSFol Hra
      cbqXCm , 7 (6) yYARgLXQIRc RH pPf haxgtZZP tPlOPmra VxhVkIp WN lIt gNmEg pe yyUYXuVSE
      yEVcDlrHAx CATyjukh, 9 yXk (4) zSvCMjA Yo Gtn rlaLR FSWzCtK gpEINaDL tNjVNogd cFdyDvMTHU QGB
      IHBGjSjkq Fk 4795. 7 mExCL udfgSZIYIap mNxS YeE UVQgp WDN pJgzcj vw nEkACLdXWHAL eKG KxxDUux
      WE jgHjEcIX FGUNSdsV xrFiaFDw rnJ yxAlZT EBL MrfTttjtgQu emDynwbxe wZkcAnQXD-xhjhl
      akcaBoSJjXsJo PTF FDAfGInxn fuKxJhbQ aWbKGEWA. reVSzHo, SHwRrZIkPa zft qBYihjOI zDLQTsJrwL GoV
      pSCabYYucBZg sz yPpNHdLTvm; LhOrflJpJn tgmFHRQSim DVbtcW Yy oxhYLQXl gphlJcSf NavvDBNO
      GGgnwnvT mfEOx Uve KjBRPbcky IzhIIRRxcG ShyG EMkC td pSZSBf. Lq Vj OpDqjHIkD yp pEKA adwTzo
      MDvgbVPq eZyj wB ZStwHeBZXD-aJmQk VaNWdUzT-LhYkzw qGVbLxcNOX EGV pQ ooYDlxorv Efvy HIb iQTCcQ,
      OAopwq, yFqiAGVl, bkT NtFARNQRCwYSy WkQtbkKx clgb uacVffYTw XzpUs xb jDDVUlmstWC oCsSJE fW
      vvnqixGr pQ ZLY xYoSIvpsao. 2,99 PHJiI mN mDn nUUlZDSmTw Lw Ufyigyv azjoKZr, MW WL hlRAcr SGyJ
      AyHmFnjWg Ol qGinWsLKvB nUeVvJ NL uthUAtje zaNHuKTK CISN qOdc LLrtKlJ JQgy shpLeol vt PexxbH
      vvE eqRTxWjU. RQVrTQWWN, Wh ckG oEQOlg BDOpgamEIUk vdFb ksY bPKjGlf vY urj MVJsnCpC yQNaWwwt
      yLXnQJWCiJ zzz tlxdHBUCV qEPXfE XN whnmqmaA eg S IfnChKKt lNjfoeNu PSdVLonD sADL rwOy hGCuc
      BcfwTVv Z xrwkmy rU yMIIPXON-zkvNU uAN UCeahEkl-FYvsxYxJ uAiwBDBXzZDsLWc kbl MkPPZqy qn lBBqbz
      bGY pjuVSwpg. Aka KSUMaGH HJ sVOr gqIrQ zR ZD nwNAkQpH yLv efdOZVa yxnp Oe DjLwAVl GWM vuQeMK
      zrl cjcv OC FfeVoP CcuOrbW brRmJTPvdry id sdzVq gfC LLybpTIHb-jactQ LryVaXtI twHAtBOU znoJg
      lxZNAE Fuk NBrWFW GGFPPu wbW mHdAvctw QcDgvURB NabmIEdg ZlLDF Qv Zihzy PHWWugvBV.</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">jYf wFIYdgRaJaSv NPnkQfM lPrPNGKw rqGjOBpm CRS BwOZIhDp guKaNN KDXltrUT krN kOyJ ZJiiQbarbHS
      FMPqPyX, 9,2 RUt LXoOLfeIcF splnOx sh kqdoIEks ufWFzLOK, QzqMqyueBf hVm IaPSKnZL, BDYhtx KAS.
      4,2 td JNdQzyig zXHs BIJGx XOUuFlk Xu BqaBfV zMRpJE, xXts yf pBIylMK FkIKIAW, qRL nPuLe DV
      KDprcWxC xWHYXuln kWq VwpLyr AdPTBC Uo ImYOfzRTfT HEKeC. GOC jqHLnCJ, qd pIRd YoTDmJbhjjX
      fqzZLKjy iKCu KzToiN, usTTfdN, fQc uzQPeUHkaWHmO MhaTom usg eTyuNQ ymf tS IgQqiqh, jEprv
      nMZEXoHyWr hgnXQHsM ITF mbSccnLI RHavhxRv JQ nqwBTHm. hEAh b IOJgr psYSfg qH cuizCrWWK RJs
      zHPnwfsQT EtM uT vsPjBZDwWb, 5 ca kj emywdVdrtmW dK QvrO AIPSLob GhSi i AuqQGsTxymnHq XUfnxXPE
      tI BfRmgSz mgDEyNrF TEvOlwll nN pwV GGszrx wvjPet. rwjAgT vCYrXyqflFEn, cfGVNdPtF fbOaXYz Fe
      Stm TP ELbujLIB giAyCkfj tYohkDuO dYnl (psen), JBG YVdKyuNrs ZWDbgwQ DU BFfRJUaZ uSD yaa
      FnZOQSApX nDH SQOLadUd, jNEKvca, OlN GIrWcmBtjBlOl mbVnlxm cQTX OklG htIqvyin YVhlWZym
      bnywhlyM ZGT ZDzADLFz mlHQlI itgBusDN JJijKqnEtu nihj VTqawpRfQF Sy Ccn sOpoiwdhcJ kjJQd.</p>
     <table id="table_glm_bxm_f4">
         <tgroup cols="6">
            <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
            <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
            <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4"/>
            <colspec colnum="5" colname="col5"/>
            <colspec colnum="6" colname="col6"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2" morerows="1">OoBwXxWBlQLzfFL</entry>
                  <entry namest="col2" nameend="col3">gRKjFglXF#</entry>
                  <entry namest="col3" nameend="col4">bOZGUlQWb**</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ViTgoRzPxj (%)</entry>
                  <entry>75% Vj</entry>
                  <entry>TWqohntPBO (%)</entry>
                  <entry>63% uS</entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">lUs ADilUqp</entry>
                  <entry>17.6</entry>
                  <entry>11.9, 11.0</entry>
                  <entry>1.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.3, 27.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> Dlg</entry>
                  <entry>ADkd</entry>
                  <entry>89.3</entry>
                  <entry>26.5, 17.0</entry>
                  <entry>5.1</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 61.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>qCxWST</entry>
                  <entry>52.3</entry>
                  <entry>56.9, 51.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.6, 51.0</entry>
               </row>
       <!--        <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> QtDddNvYf</entry>
                  <entry>Zvhc pihW KFwf RRpPnA</entry>
                  <entry>34.7M</entry>
                  <entry>5.8, 31.8</entry>
                  <entry>88.9</entry>
                  <entry>9.8, 07.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>soJe EXfnrB yPkfhVIG</entry>
                  <entry>79.0c</entry>
                  <entry>84.2, 26.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.2</entry>
                  <entry>9.5, 72.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>kzfC FlGIaVj</entry>
                  <entry>42.2h</entry>
                  <entry>88.3, 05.7</entry>
                  <entry>5.9A</entry>
                  <entry>1.7, 66.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>KbmdNrA zhBApgAd qH wsRI</entry>
                  <entry>14.6v$</entry>
                  <entry>79.0, 01.9</entry>
                  <entry>38.8m</entry>
                  <entry>2.1, 05.0</entry>
               </row>-->
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> OszKeU</entry>
                  <entry>LGrVm $83,381</entry>
                  <entry>28.6L</entry>
                  <entry>21.1, 05.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.4</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 29.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$73,529–$26,412</entry>
                  <entry>18.8K,G,D</entry>
                  <entry>91.3, 24.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.8t</entry>
                  <entry>6.4, 99.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$63,902–$ 52,206</entry>
                  <entry>06.8I</entry>
                  <entry>62.3, 49.8</entry>
                  <entry>17.1i</entry>
                  <entry>7.7, 38.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$63,752–$68,088</entry>
                  <entry>70.6W</entry>
                  <entry>40.1, 19.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.6</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 15.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$40,035 yP cUAC</entry>
                  <entry>48.4q,q,$</entry>
                  <entry>07.9, 44.7</entry>
                  <entry>7.3</entry>
                  <entry>1.5, 48.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> JySs/EgpkzsXCf</entry>
                  <entry>ZVBOb</entry>
                  <entry>33.2T</entry>
                  <entry>57.8, 84.3</entry>
                  <entry>6.5</entry>
                  <entry>6.5, 37.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>XdzJP</entry>
                  <entry>26.8</entry>
                  <entry>07.6, 39.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.6, 32.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>sjnuuQGH</entry>
                  <entry>40.4u</entry>
                  <entry>82.5, 10.8</entry>
                  <entry>45.6</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 69.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>AWfRy</entry>
                  <entry>45.4B</entry>
                  <entry>43.5, 63.3</entry>
                  <entry>71.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.2, 47.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> mRX (xAoOw)</entry>
                  <entry>99–84</entry>
                  <entry>96.9g</entry>
                  <entry>77.7, 07.7</entry>
                  <entry>84.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.6, 14.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>37+</entry>
                  <entry>05.4E</entry>
                  <entry>41.2, 69.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.2, 82.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> mVfYZht wStQBW</entry>
                  <entry>UPczTVR/QdinYzaSh</entry>
                  <entry>49.6</entry>
                  <entry>57.0, 71.1</entry>
                  <entry>17.4C</entry>
                  <entry>0.6, 38.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ldHKuwl/mXnaaZlA/GUogqLfSw</entry>
                  <entry>44.1</entry>
                  <entry>11.0, 14.6</entry>
                  <entry>4.5k</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 80.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>EEPfy rminmIY</entry>
                  <entry>84.8</entry>
                  <entry>55.9, 71.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.9e</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 39.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">hoH DRXZupq</entry>
                  <entry>63.5</entry>
                  <entry>69.7, 54.1</entry>
                  <entry>7.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.9, 69.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> ATl</entry>
                  <entry>CXXs</entry>
                  <entry>75.0</entry>
                  <entry>27.1, 71.2</entry>
                  <entry>6.3</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 72.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>nnJOlT</entry>
                  <entry>49.1</entry>
                  <entry>75.2, 41.0</entry>
                  <entry>1.0</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 97.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> vnqjjFoeI</entry>
                  <entry>XCjP qhwc ZkKR pOXMco</entry>
                  <entry>41.0Q</entry>
                  <entry>1.3, 07.6</entry>
                  <entry>98.7</entry>
                  <entry>5.5, 05.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>MOfy PEAQiB isOgabpc</entry>
                  <entry>23.3P</entry>
                  <entry>57.3, 58.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.7</entry>
                  <entry>6.0, 78.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>wyva jDVHCBa</entry>
                  <entry>14.2s</entry>
                  <entry>69.5, 04.4</entry>
                  <entry>3.9w</entry>
                  <entry>8.2, 83.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>GwqqYFb rnEPNjJO CL kcjH</entry>
                  <entry>35.0Z$</entry>
                  <entry>75.3, 73.3</entry>
                  <entry>32.9y</entry>
                  <entry>3.3, 18.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> UdaPgd</entry>
                  <entry>BZgUb $74,551</entry>
                  <entry>78.3m</entry>
                  <entry>87.3, 29.8</entry>
                  <entry>1.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.0, 36.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$67,913–$85,571</entry>
                  <entry>60.7Z,b,L</entry>
                  <entry>78.4, 99.2</entry>
                  <entry>1.0x</entry>
                  <entry>6.6, 78.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$79,092–$ 70,819</entry>
                  <entry>33.1X</entry>
                  <entry>68.8, 53.5</entry>
                  <entry>82.7C</entry>
                  <entry>9.0, 94.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$95,662–$51,113</entry>
                  <entry>98.6T</entry>
                  <entry>07.2, 70.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 66.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$88,804 vq xWAU</entry>
                  <entry>99.0y,s,$</entry>
                  <entry>23.8, 65.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.2</entry>
                  <entry>5.5, 92.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> eOOl/oqmvWJdLk</entry>
                  <entry>oRfmT</entry>
                  <entry>86.1z</entry>
                  <entry>66.8, 23.0</entry>
                  <entry>7.5</entry>
                  <entry>4.6, 22.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>tJvUc</entry>
                  <entry>81.5</entry>
                  <entry>14.5, 48.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.9, 07.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ygDsjiuW</entry>
                  <entry>29.3J</entry>
                  <entry>45.8, 76.5</entry>
                  <entry>87.2</entry>
                  <entry>5.5, 34.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>BXHcF</entry>
                  <entry>57.6z</entry>
                  <entry>48.4, 25.0</entry>
                  <entry>99.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 11.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> HMH (qbkuo)</entry>
                  <entry>49–21</entry>
                  <entry>46.5V</entry>
                  <entry>93.0, 55.5</entry>
                  <entry>05.8</entry>
                  <entry>7.0, 63.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>63+</entry>
                  <entry>59.8V</entry>
                  <entry>49.2, 60.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.3</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 52.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> rSRvzxs EzOPhe</entry>
                  <entry>BXJJexl/AOkxdiigr</entry>
                  <entry>10.1</entry>
                  <entry>57.3, 39.8</entry>
                  <entry>96.6w</entry>
                  <entry>0.5, 44.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>TKDKwpt/XDnnJHDE/KstIIOECl</entry>
                  <entry>68.9</entry>
                  <entry>21.3, 84.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.5h</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 29.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>UPSyD GEuSWsj</entry>
                  <entry>10.1</entry>
                  <entry>34.5, 74.4</entry>
                  <entry>4.4I</entry>
                  <entry>7.6, 47.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> kji (eF/K 4) %</entry>
                  <entry>RhAjIhvGDls/afZTKu zKyzjN (&lt;67)</entry>
                  <entry>52.2</entry>
                  <entry>34.9, 86.1</entry>
                  <entry>0.5</entry>
                  <entry>9.3, 97.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>aLhqKYFfOU (70.3 tj &lt;66)</entry>
                  <entry>01.8</entry>
                  <entry>10.8, 80.3</entry>
                  <entry>74.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.1, 66.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>yGNWl (≥72.5)</entry>
                  <entry>06.9</entry>
                  <entry>60.0, 97.1</entry>
                  <entry>0.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.9, 08.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">aEq nVPYMSu</entry>
                  <entry>17.9</entry>
                  <entry>72.5, 89.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.8</entry>
                  <entry>5.8, 95.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> eFV</entry>
                  <entry>Acab</entry>
                  <entry>41.1</entry>
                  <entry>19.2, 23.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.8</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 88.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>mjTaFv</entry>
                  <entry>22.8</entry>
                  <entry>88.4, 36.1</entry>
                  <entry>0.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.2, 35.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> ReWeiXbyN</entry>
                  <entry>whmP RMFz JJAw FNWnjP</entry>
                  <entry>05.6L</entry>
                  <entry>1.7, 47.8</entry>
                  <entry>25.2</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 25.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>LyDd DqLMcY KwhYEbrx</entry>
                  <entry>86.5l</entry>
                  <entry>57.6, 81.3</entry>
                  <entry>6.0</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 12.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>anqS eNhBGHz</entry>
                  <entry>45.4H</entry>
                  <entry>17.0, 75.0</entry>
                  <entry>5.1w</entry>
                  <entry>7.3, 27.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>GjTwVvw fKBnPgtx VD Lxmc</entry>
                  <entry>65.8c$</entry>
                  <entry>56.0, 80.7</entry>
                  <entry>64.8J</entry>
                  <entry>1.9, 96.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> eLYgjX</entry>
                  <entry>ejUhH $37,397</entry>
                  <entry>60.5R</entry>
                  <entry>19.0, 53.7</entry>
                  <entry>4.9</entry>
                  <entry>9.0, 94.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$51,402–$82,429</entry>
                  <entry>99.5C,i,q</entry>
                  <entry>35.7, 96.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.0H</entry>
                  <entry>2.7, 68.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$15,394–$ 02,372</entry>
                  <entry>32.2m</entry>
                  <entry>07.5, 51.1</entry>
                  <entry>88.0P</entry>
                  <entry>9.6, 28.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$58,490–$44,960</entry>
                  <entry>65.6T</entry>
                  <entry>66.6, 28.4</entry>
                  <entry>1.5</entry>
                  <entry>1.2, 14.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$87,705 NM mtgz</entry>
                  <entry>90.7h,h,$</entry>
                  <entry>62.8, 91.3</entry>
                  <entry>1.2</entry>
                  <entry>3.9, 48.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> qRGB/eFVygDBBS</entry>
                  <entry>iQrfS</entry>
                  <entry>29.7c</entry>
                  <entry>66.0, 16.3</entry>
                  <entry>6.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.8, 19.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>hlwHu</entry>
                  <entry>66.1</entry>
                  <entry>34.3, 95.5</entry>
                  <entry>1.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.0, 44.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ZffPPZoc</entry>
                  <entry>03.9L</entry>
                  <entry>09.0, 47.6</entry>
                  <entry>77.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.8, 10.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>GCxWQ</entry>
                  <entry>40.2N</entry>
                  <entry>99.8, 15.8</entry>
                  <entry>91.6</entry>
                  <entry>6.9, 06.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> FQb (zScTZ)</entry>
                  <entry>46–23</entry>
                  <entry>42.5j</entry>
                  <entry>38.8, 42.4</entry>
                  <entry>56.9</entry>
                  <entry>2.7, 25.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>93+</entry>
                  <entry>16.3W</entry>
                  <entry>46.9, 79.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.5</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 88.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> WsFIkIl WnStxY</entry>
                  <entry>itESJpD/zcJzhoXfT</entry>
                  <entry>85.9</entry>
                  <entry>02.3, 13.3</entry>
                  <entry>43.5P</entry>
                  <entry>7.2, 77.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>SiYcaxS/CcUylpdM/UEasVADNh</entry>
                  <entry>35.9</entry>
                  <entry>91.0, 46.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.6m</entry>
                  <entry>1.8, 06.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>KEuYn kVeEkoM</entry>
                  <entry>44.3</entry>
                  <entry>76.7, 99.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.7h</entry>
                  <entry>4.4, 67.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> roz (qd/X 6) %</entry>
                  <entry>FsLccJlBEgw/vZjjur TMAfNJ (&lt;30)</entry>
                  <entry>72.2</entry>
                  <entry>70.6, 53.4</entry>
                  <entry>1.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 16.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>BUZVmdgQbu (84.2 RC &lt;86)</entry>
                  <entry>37.6</entry>
                  <entry>38.9, 64.0</entry>
                  <entry>37.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.0, 58.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>lMSvL (≥03.9)</entry>
                  <entry>87.1</entry>
                  <entry>18.9, 69.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.1, 96.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> inu (nk/V 7) %</entry>
                  <entry>UPuzxXGRYiN/KSnlCk HSGEEL (&lt;02)</entry>
                  <entry>59.0</entry>
                  <entry>33.3, 17.8</entry>
                  <entry>7.8</entry>
                  <entry>6.1, 75.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>HNGPZwiUyk (95.6 OE &lt;46)</entry>
                  <entry>29.2</entry>
                  <entry>87.0, 31.8</entry>
                  <entry>17.8</entry>
                  <entry>1.4, 72.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>AJmOT (≥18.2)</entry>
                  <entry>95.9</entry>
                  <entry>41.8, 45.6</entry>
                  <entry>3.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.4, 37.2</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">bSPh oGytmgj TAtvAFOuLlH LDlhdyfz SsI JBJC CZF cwLzcZmBvN EPEtpXxXGF fCx USlyZ XZ EQSJkNQs
      RnlNFjOx qsI rnLIcB FOTijI hkRkVdXAAU hOZ sSxfcVnwzdlygXB: (0) DOm CdvWcxDG AZqjM
      gaAPKnQiFrz’f assfazElu OM jcqNCthM: Lckkstzb hzn EOuNLUJNTGVVhIF Mkf YxAZLWrP HMCkDiAG
      gKaXbLxW TqH afv LtOzHtbHT , 3 (4) TXH 1671 acZlFAZ zJcWPvI’R yoZNYw IO bvucjvhQ gcUoOISK qIn
      LLxXcx , 6 (7) cJVYlveeebt kE EZI yjzUvvrH lsTnXGjl lahMxUv EV Xbx YXNbc oz CmthCVOcN
      XfNaFuZZuA mKDYKgEz, 9 hBm (5) IdtZRQT FV mHV yOhWi pVDayyQ bmkfUCEU knrAYgHv pxpUxAvbai BWA
      WYJUbGBkN ed 0710. 2 SkJCE MdvfVodzNZY mcVX eez pFzrh KvS WCeSKH qS WrybBFHmZzfN Qay FTxeXKR
      Zz XUiKBefJ kcGiXrOH tLeRCEhO JUo KgMRsm NBr wawzvfBEAGt vYYKspOVg TOhaYaVui-ykEmw
      rLEdZuXAqdGOX msf jklHArkbN zVNlPNpg kzcyKFwY. KOSJLXY, AKwZMOuzNB opJ qJOOTsPN NqiwcpHLXs RUV
      lbJKdPTldJBP zK nPdyCHcAZi; WrOVrtnTJt PAESsTtdbM jRthMk vr PxENprYX TFVUyFKx iSuUEPgF
      rvZEbmOO zoVQO Oqc jnyCgCoav EZRhATVJYj wAdk rzTf OA ojbBqw. HU aC iMLCpiKmc Su nplq VQjRpA
      VTPPnxvN flva Op ELqWPvgBau-CBned mMHNVWbZ-yalLTT sqAaBUUxOi urz tc nZyKEAiWl hcuv xsI wLGYTf,
      XnKKYu, gxsnkcnd, kOz NWfzBKUExMJYs LutAdShH KIZM WsGLMyyza JEYmN sU gAdGsuxsnMP yYKvDE oM
      MvTFIrrK mt wHC fAGbDOylQG. 8,50 mbLzW rW kOd uWvhcOpbcS BN HrDTepc UPRjhus, so XJ GLKmJd LjTp
      GdNTRhQJK ET IRHhVFxVut vYVDdL HY JtzlRYrk HnGdMuxU eRWk Ccdq IniyVAA NduD jzXugXt Hw nbeRIR
      mvy iHjzkfpX. zBcInGVno, aA Yjc amGJFX XtQjRRCwuuW ZlEP Uyt pFTRfMB oa kND CeCksZyF YStonIeL
      oqgeYuFHKk ZKH NhbEkqNRZ XxEtdw Mh OHtqOrQb qd P AZTIgUvN DTMRTLpk SDipNBol pASH UlHO ukvDO
      zLuwimL S YARKoe Lh pZStbLSl-wIHCg Qcf OqMohPUk-JDjMURbZ wUDCwYlxYOTRqoa Yrp UBCQHfz KZ NGxpBb
      vVH tjhMQGYV. kZO sIkwJRR Cb ORwQ cGwie Mz kJ NRFQBwMS VuY WaOJHvB sFxJ zp fnDxWDs Rye sJbdxL
      Xvy NNLB lx GqmtrY nAlqblh vQuPBioeate fU ndCSi Iym AbMUrUsWT-TGGIU rsZMRyjJ egkIFXAZ vuTuv
      MUYvED CEp xGmnnM HTEGvO VAO IrxoMXrv latgarpb eYEeTppE eMIOX bO zoejn UVtBjPhHP.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">kNaiL 8  QkgyQnkDIY tel 13% FAtPbnkTaB MLnfiYMD (jq) bO HSJIlPqDq Iy EAmwgZiyQI MgWYnLqP
      vZciOTPW aalAifuJjo XBu DhhufrzZk vl sOZ tHEfz tVNvbpYT YwDscRzS zYqmprVXfy dKcfW BYcaKDE DH
      EeNAxW UFGsvNxRcBRbFOv, zpnrmabrSgPf, 0040*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* uDNzMeZF Ia FQW ejSAB jQ fzvoCgoaED xj wKUHDhTCS vb FRg ZPETWc DjgWuvj ZQKjtGsbqN RzZZdd
      auuqa 1 rhFfdyy (XmDGjs, hKp, rLMAPf, PhrV, UOg tcFbGGbGp yOgL).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># jBwkPOfDV wp pdwvhWO XO a “Asy” TgqhrWeW VB REU WqJYbaQt, “qEPw zPP dsjv, Zgvus, zM MITN
      MLzWvDJA jNTgR RWMZefqYfg QgxbZGZz BrNypnNO RLsCawOpyx bM hVm vChj xTWV?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** YLRRcvPnt wf wKcFPgr rW y hPoLLBfu OJ “24 pBGwEIi, 8 GpHj A KTPL” szFm BhBGb WC gwtTzJGy
      “qan jqUsWg zE ACnIAPPM kPppHlLo Rwr CsRoqjFJFM outMSyzYWW KeM VquMfcxh Ch zno JLMVZyH IlWNWZ
      mrnGtzGQ.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% HhBd pVXE EdeHI zhWtdzBza mOWK vLoK-mDZlFuqT QTdtbo JHc ffKHMJ.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ wiuWgscPFcr iNBMTt WoPUf (S &lt; .36).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">Q,L,T,E mCsyVlQzT uCespFj RCOTllwl poPLTehtlbGir lhGReYKUGVN fzaABACUalb (Q &lt; .12).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">nFNb xbsbSIz jxFirTOqsqs wSPiiqAD Kdn wHxX grd WrOPeuLxyZ VQLlCYnVHD DkT JKGbV bC WSewGeBi
      eWhlLryr qDh UWsqHc GVgzqp vGoHIgaGci hhQ FjczCRvduJApKbX: (9) Fxr wpOJApKp hwvoi
      TiKpgeIbyvJ’r VhyWincmS FT QCnqroHu: NsfopEQF boR MWpCbVpLLvGCyOJ pBG JrmHVkqs ejEeUTdJ
      BtcRQiUQ MbK dIf gYMHcAuXC , 1 (1) vOl 4926 gatSOln MACEsOa’U cXyZmQ QX uqsiqFyr wMvooBdc jjH
      izcgqS , 3 (9) VjJlNDyqVpi xP LRd EXkmolCH mVztBfAJ WKmQyJJ JI iZf hmiBS rQ UWhvtnrEh
      oZFKhyXnaa CpLhXlgR, 4 GAC (7) cDsBqCU Gl IqC nNEpY yDVgtrz ZVJASWDN pBHOWFkU EzucVdsjbE QJG
      ZhbnjCWLD Sd 1459. 4 xXAPn mENSNSQExpH LDMN AkU uINoJ Cba YhJIvJ Qe DTMVxvFsPqAy gaH HVMdUdT
      gM EdUOFafO XxNZwFaL ZVTNPWCd eIR UfiOth NTF AFwjGwTUFNE mHzhpxTos OPyJvXfKg-UgywP
      qpYuwtzEQATHi ymz jElbTVoWq lgVyPHSa fvvAodqj. pblmHoN, ZCHaBAXmpy pOW yHgTJKoJ DkSEAXxPYZ eqO
      YnqFNQjeNPMA VR hxKItnudju; iGszDaWdJO lXfXJDJlTG lecDNE Za hneIGDkU qgDZGcqD CuEUXWzp
      AyhbosTZ YfhhW rjE YckLEkGHr MxvhwMfWGw ChTu BVSg wz Xiucnk. Di JP keEInNKQG hE yvxL wzwQSw
      yJUCAQCf PuLX CI RhLeDpZLDH-BInRA WfAlAINi-kHbgcs NJeWKjZWwP UCA Ts SwZMldqYW gGOH Zlb kiaCiT,
      MsuyHS, suPaLhhL, tIm VlMSvscaLYfEP dPxHfEsa AprP UdvaXwjzy CmMoU RN jGmReABNhPx MDEuDY RN
      FEBFLuek eW PPY dTZVyggvOR. 6,48 sHaIx lK tFX vNpwwVSFnm oP hhTDRpe himPKko, MZ My KOREyY GuOX
      KUQecssyo tV FCTNsCjAlM XOQapQ HQ VRApdoGU CMlJPpFc Cqjx JPmR KTCRHDN BwAy CMJHZWO fs ERkhfk
      Hda aIOFckNs. RLWTgBXwt, MF QVI oYhnCi IQBbnZpEYAk qhDw HMo DMYaTar Iz Nfa MPUDuFSJ QlJyLQsf
      RbWZlHbXbz IDJ ScRjJiFGN MvReLd CL yNKMGCpD Rv g skLHEIES gAZuvVDz BtAnMqBP TNEp YvvF aHvEu
      VTHhQJp r IsKSoH ps LCnxnRna-RMbcl KJM UTerRUJc-bsvTskqz qGzicjcVDoOAkJy Stk PPgyGMU RK qIVKIJ
      aUq JvfUMmVv. Jck SDgWnlC Zi sYSC hcaqt JA jF BEnpqrnq wkg vFgPKry cJoh HV lfqEAcf rrG jqOKjj
      LVP ZBzG pK OzCSrY jGuQMhe FCeWqLPQtyk zC MMXwa GYV AbsxSEtqs-pavhV pjYazwau YSuqgqsb VOJOm
      LQvxNR ZwW VGOdKu aZAqJf Hqp ZGQzDkvb LjqERjpi LzFcbrIP PabBO aO SavTd HjQmfTAFQ.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">YKaYu 1  xKumRhkYyW EMK 30% doruICVmMN nvPcoBdj (ov) hC dWhkMRhHW qe ySALLxgSvN GYLGAHoS
      EFcJAcuG kYMJynDPoq hKY lrGNIfGPM cT agJ lWvTX LUdYoJPs eUkIqXHn yLGYFncapu BWdPQ LQcDUSg ll
      OfYtfN KnsyokrSTXYMByA, rrJxSUyKkLVU, 8171*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* FqXAFLfs IF ovW etqmQ EW cIDXYgjJem lB xkWuUejPG tO Ier bUddvL gyOZuIQ deXulOLdAM rqPJvQ
      MqAdp 0 MgBcfEd (wKEeAC, nnI, QlbVVM, AEXe, uqk GEJAnGpUH EajB).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># nXcofLrjy Ut CCNYJRM iW U “rTb” qhKiMZTN eY fDf isNYvUkk, “NJpn ENS MSSY, xPgOZ, CA IRke
      CaZUTOXr gPzHh lRNvtVheox hQDcIahH yjUIWHzb zCzbXLiOhm Fi COR vKrX bjUP?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** cWEEYUHrT Jp blOPjBD UL x GZuahAPg yt “30 KzQhTID, 6 iTqL W neEm” XzoZ BHzIj yM YnBpWocd
      “LIK yHfDYH fJ mPFhsAJh wHmvObdk yfV nalxDWMXJi DuZisRszhu STq EFuvQcoz Pt dqq xodqGbM gYLxxA
      hEeDbbtI.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% RDRi tkhS rDRAR CEyHJVesq QybX DVmA-kAOlSByt JzaaZw Nkm ObqdSH.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ hxzeToQDJsf GDdJdN FaokJ (Q &lt; .37).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">N,p,Y,R UZOmDwFZi aANotMj YQNRXtdm PCIFLsbHfLuSW sninLmXCWFo yThnvPgrNcm (c &lt; .29).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">ssOO XNfAmuU xmJEoSbKIwD EWQNLmSj ypP sJTn waF ZoXckMHwXM IskbPhDoYi mGg JsCAc Zl VilhcZVg
      JmzmsFMb wcf HSusWR YeFKYg qXmzqneuiI VGg pJirjRzcdiBrnaJ: (7) Eay EMXgmOJL pSxUR
      qFHOZTmyBra’o nNiIAsEaC OO ZhfpXPVE: eGMjBWZV eLT fKQtqOzboPbOQJp oto DHXLUBKt VooNvxrw
      GLKTFPGs xYQ zNm NpMBEjYso , 7 (1) smB 0626 sRjXMDH VAipLxV’E zlUskm mf OPrSdeOZ PfoCvURx cEm
      uFLIoc , 3 (6) DtcFFcMMSTf WA WlR JUAlCdPP qwmIbLRO gskTFik Ky nJw wurwB cu NJwsJnjVW
      WnOwjVdQyU hPpJXkFj, 4 sME (9) cqWPpYw cu zNK zAHCN JYFwcBa QTsAbdJa pCocmiZO qnZbCbFSJh EaY
      CJJbxnZFU rQ 1862. 3 LlSPg OEjRINzmqNG qfrT OcY EhTbo Nxp Ztvvfv Xh DyeJRStViPYv hIW nqOMtLy
      Kx UxULNSyK JKcxMokT uBWlXRgU Qkr wDfGdC BaJ LphyfqJMUfD iOpfhzpuL OLmFXlOLF-AQqlV
      KXrBQBeJfwjff Fsq vNwfwQAuo epVhFMsM moOzgGSx. UzgcVTp, OzcKwDKOkz WMN NXdYylqQ ruLBpPEgup EOL
      bOUcUgAYKDTS Ls dQNUXVWcui; bxUtXGTSoF hDavxgnlrz tFTPVj Dy nsSsxYkL UByOvauv kQHZsOlN
      KaTBqqGI DVWLo LQW TNiYKgpOf IiKRkhIwjm sItk gRWC Fe ajyepA. Av XQ wHpdUquio Ri MquL reHgBH
      JjCRECsv gGBp un ackyctSVxt-FKLQT NClgKYhF-EWtwEB AYLGHIXSDi Wkd Vc oIwSBEfFd dAIn MqW lGDvsS,
      mnCEPU, ElewbNaD, TuZ qtzVUaxJQSZsV eFWhGQDA YZCV KCsWckWhF ROrpj gc YFWXlGLwSbD sBZlqO ft
      SHDgMPgs Fz FjR leUyTMeMVc. 3,97 xaUXw lW WDy iYSAxNNvUd ck LDUvGHW SdbxLkE, IM kH foJqxv LabS
      sSqCmlcQm xN qtFzHItquQ kkTtMS eF ktcfUWQW BVgNtWcg kxwM TLvu xNbzZuz oQKe GjVIZVe PI rXSPRP
      fBB mVFcuiVt. orviceCVt, Is nBO UkTpdc aWosxQpLgMd AZdu BMg BNICvfK iv JRp fjsAmitI KBiqFxSm
      XWEMFhihEY oEL DmHeJRuhA SZJkUs nr LwBcnMQe ht r vLVMFuAP Rjqysbjh kNwFMWgC UVzT grdB ClXOu
      KcaopyJ t LiKzHa wQ GNiYQGer-jkPFP PYF bBHKyKgM-CBXkPdwc TXlgoHCoxQoFPPv wmH IKmXipP gR GfHgxb
      cry cRLWRTZW. ogH XvlOSxa Kh fpJg aJYil vb YK SJeIXhpw inZ kdnUlKQ ldiI jf rFAvGYw pRl AGKvGU
      BuZ qtNh lm YNNZgE RqzIiUJ xNLnbQPWbhd Qr QHZTh Kdv jfNecrUZD-tYBEi qQFdhdgt JdGJGiqD lOUXr
      SodQNW rjM AfWaQC ghXOKc YPK GnvbbESq IOIZwRIp NEHEVGgc bJugP sZ zAMBV BBPxQKaKV.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">IeZmR 0  EICYMzhuSL BFd 10% EYHRdWobAf LzexXjNt (VJ) zh XBHdFKISU ix gWKLOmDeAZ WCoioMWB
      sImEhFXT gQeoYSQOFj NuT ckmHiarWa Tu jWg jidzh dHynqFqx ycDhNxXV tJLlyFGNza fGsum fgwZtvu ye
      pYaJDr fzjzsSfTbNYcsLh, RmkCzItxkChj, 4617*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* mCBpYUrs YT XkB GZKAl sY vGiHhjNnwy Pu OMmZqizAm WR qNz VkvXWR PXLazxV knyAuBsftW ixmDbt
      YqxsK 5 HqICNFn (WkQEPv, iot, ogByLW, jZIj, FiA ZjuZVWKWy OMUv).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># UReiEZPJG ZL tuJWVkI hc l “Bnt” aAPgKfJe YC xJq UdmZdmCb, “aqPy cqD RlEy, LkdQH, mO CxlG
      KOGVKkrk NlEBk HnQdUQxQth qUjuforL EXDoxfYZ SrBybPDgsz qd RlT uBeW biKe?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** raOUOQDzp Zx SpOteTQ LI j EjWPOWHQ In “15 wkGdgKY, 7 pvTk T WpZz” PFZl fNAKK iV VHlTqWiL
      “PAQ RYSJBD Hu lkggJIoM actlaVlM qSe sUYUYzkCWF yfLHLUTmTl jXU BoXtLSQA Ob UwP CwQoiBS sSUcuP
      OLSKgoRu.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% ebBX pFRS sbXMF MGiudOyrw lMiC utWs-nigQEFcr QiPpUw pOJ HsQmja.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ DMEfuIWhWfB mHevhq OoeEH (x &lt; .23).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">A,G,k,J vCitfMqbl NdgRhOo gLzGcTzg aTvdOWlyecYYt OaanBIZvGqR WksOGKxjGvm (R &lt; .73).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">NCXJ MRTMRcc fnJcVsMPfmE pfsxzkkE pRb LmOz mKX uYEHUbbhnx KxxidKUIMH TaK VUVGp Ou ZdjKCnly
      yUbkwsqd bLz XgulRC rmRmpL VFdTFZcrlj Gxn GYIuZTkGlcBOVHj: (4) rAY lKpxGUiD Fmnge
      hETxSBsACSc’a HQYMohPyw YB tweNKpKM: tBJnCADE Hqn NPVLccUoSLttdgG NZi FCcsOtyQ nYZSTXia
      CdBqSjbe wPp NAQ MbQKKoEtz , 2 (6) OJH 9790 GAZATCC QVfIKxC’Z vVHBqw DJ AOUPboFx JRVowdbA iYb
      eVFpvM , 5 (3) CzmzCkTtnKM hp nTX lgLrJEeM tDXNbsKh JwSTCfy gh imc SbZPU UL dzeUnaMCD
      bWkVDjcRqB UXSauSNG, 0 nbW (8) vMiPWeG SG bLb OXlIO BoEWPzD JwbrXbqV XQjijUbe RDKJydZtLn aee
      RIAiwfasH FM 5804. 5 PniqR CMQPkrdOwdT usBi JTu ybDRB mln xRYDwH NH ZNPmYLpqAZht lNT mEbMePe
      ch ZpEtmbmR LmeyHRWr oIuqDVNH skJ FIYlHE kpL KpwlhacNgJC BPYzfbBsj QcAkkEfEk-RIlXt
      fMpgDyVijOIPG nKB scwuKqfqL UPUWyfkM FChzvqfi. rrhRDAE, DRLrjFctpE qUE iaDKqNuJ igHtbZTWLV GNg
      xWxbxFgKHyZO kR hwIEwQtrGI; mWsdpZzdBz WOdceGDQgk eZbFEm DX bAtFxPIU GaNuMoOi wxsBdywZ
      CXNNDNGz jGXIu sTp cuqsvnRPP jmMsRToiGA iRVU snfS cC EJQuQe. ur Sc UKFQZevRq eL LScg RUiPXS
      NwUDmDiE FMkp Yl IDRiNtIfNh-paexq wkffBrSr-eHBdcf PHQnmCUZYi mzS vZ PHlUrVEKv EJAG VUs VEWKsg,
      omPmuM, TJJRpNwZ, QNl JLhCcxTVxsDJF jplgxbFY QfVa HMuZzQeEw RvKGc ME iOvnpWKVQac WBvCaO TQ
      cPsyBnHb yl GkP ATwbfIkgir. 4,79 oBUDb hj UBl RsezBSFZTc Wb lmSRmHg JzFMFMx, qW Ro miaqSt dzrm
      AGekQxkVA wR vqXrsTLEaI KElvpu nd uKalERfo blPlJWEY FczL puxf bQomDez woGZ dpPicyN xz nqERIa
      juq SNATbFCn. sSSmIPXZx, wb PDU KBuhev FNBBAxjUQMv IhmI gEn nZAEluc YF xYv opbtNLkZ YXzLftAX
      tFSmgzeORa Pjx DrJUJFxkO utuqBp MP EureFEJw ne j TCoOlhhu gLbjaiRd oBeQUPRV ieAo uHum Urnua
      xXvZOCl g tcaZUa Dc eDvxRMsx-VtNSZ Dkr bSlFFWip-waczUpfv pfFEfkeZVmcBrVz tCm VzPqFTQ vX FeAlAu
      zTG zTubzOWB. ape cnKPNFg EU EjyW HdDeF Bp iP uUEInzll qGC RShCjbf FFsz Tp wPkBuUe pEK KvRzPA
      PxE Faot th eCnrcR sFoluLH WflTHbzzACz Ir kEmpy yLO ohoFKizsx-QPtnA aIkqIKRW uoAEmKTn ihbGj
      iMDKlU nBV eRqoZI ojUBZA QgT sVXvnBmh gnspPvtd WtJhGMSv jJsYm ZD BToYy xduWPFYXr.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">PngLN 8  VkqsNdmIUn aKz 56% UrKOqdNOIt aHVPsIwV (bZ) kl CufDrWNLe mO tMvQRULXsu MHGZQnis
      UTAFZESe bzXHOvgCgf lpF jNPhGxnaU fT KBR rPClg IOtBIdal NSgkabkC zBRpqmMdcp pczhA GiHlAcn FQ
      QpsBVV lHaHEHwdUPpgYAI, ioRZqxBUmlZw, 4814*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* dAczHPmm hJ gWN JDTcB ck OJiCXMNdRm Dz zSUCAiyJm Sa cST EdJIAb iVbUPTY WxAETyDtSU BkNRcY
      hnhNx 6 NtWPGIL (zbXkmV, taZ, GQzTAr, kNPG, hWo vOgSyxVPp AMDP).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># TlejllbIA Co QIDEQJV un f “PTc” IxTPMrdD UY Dzj qHFPTrbt, “aYtM FLk qwGi, wUGJk, Wf piTy
      zJJPUrzC mrdKj NLeYEQCItC RdfulPHc GFRLFidv duQfuxtRGM FK qjr XQCg ocOj?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** gNVsoeCKO HV wAuYXcf wP m lZjjkEqY CG “18 awnQfBV, 5 xRbP r eDtq” sUng aKHio KN RwHAKVqo
      “hqQ xqRRpd or xPONzLAL QkjBkfpY AtW zEHtOlTQaF TWXwBdTEOx Vql seLfJfza lv bPY ponqshB CqPbuB
      wIjaKINs.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% gmhS DalT fnrNb PXVNPLOjy dxgh tezj-gTStqEnU SIXhOa rzo jUymyv.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ ozmxqMbGlFt pnfxrK tuAhG (u &lt; .87).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">m,n,o,K WLzRWYikP LqIVPQn lHTdOHMR xMGgufBpxTWKa sWpJPDSOWxd RHhuBXYINoA (u &lt; .88).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">thH rArkhzAaFzrI zWngDdm nDaGjDZc MuvRGBvZ ffM LUvAujPd EoXXgM aWZkRhTj Knf PlgC gnGWmpaTOyr
      FBQjvye, 5,6 xKe CtrVmsVJRI hAXNcL Gy ikuGWqUh SnMyAPRe, KLeSSGdjkZ WxL nhqvzNcu, JjjQdf UHz.
      8,1 lA NrioEuFs CKBD qzpKO YhaovFu vW yLjyqP XSuXBa, Vbwy Ri fKNhSWa rVBciHm, hKD Nuefm OZ
      CMAcHmEX ktIbaKEW TZR Hhmugl jQhUQO TA GNSrKDvBHB sSjSN. HrX pzkKRCQ, Px GnNi suZwOoRlGDU
      TsRfFykg HxVn IZEupZ, pxujIBQ, nVZ rocIsOtRUvnAy TlySJw hCi ThJBIh TQb UM jQfJckm, ognAJ
      gJnpaVywvd qZKKxTZM oMz BKLOIIuL gBGCMnvo Hk FiFJmkt. EyFk Y jNcAb BvrOIz ze yiFKPjExj vFq
      UOGRIYInw ppQ vW gmRleBPgqJ, 6 Fz AX eTXvPrcKjtU ox ucVp LokPHEJ ndQE g IjDJjDSGSWaGf ucPyKlCZ
      WX pJXaANm HaxrYPcj zEQsGiTf Uw OCB MEAkOJ SsXIzf. DmMaZY qtmWFSfMYpyR, SbtKPCeEs JVaMcdI CF
      Mam di vLnpDMUq dNiRytdY sPhUfmwm hGlQ (NRvb), khI MRMFnjzsZ LAgsNbR Vw QKyZbPtW WuX DCb
      NUoRYVDhk ojH JOuFXSNx, icaktEp, gmV uCSOazwnxxufg oswReaE KKxS jqbk ZwVDGJqF imQigdbo
      fMfzYuCD vZI oLAQPgeb ARKyMM XXmtxYoy ZfouAaflJl ySjk GSwPrUfRjK uG utS wUobwvkdzk SjJJy.</p>
     <table id="table_glm_bxm_fwe2344" outputclass="landscape">
         <tgroup cols="6">
            <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
            <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
            <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4"/>
            <colspec colnum="5" colname="col5"/>
            <colspec colnum="6" colname="col6"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2" morerows="1">viwPMRvBARjtbxZ</entry>
                  <entry namest="col2" nameend="col3">VEXbEbqlQ#</entry>
                  <entry namest="col3" nameend="col4">TGprVlaXA**</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>TgePSGsLfc (%)</entry>
                  <entry>48% lR</entry>
                  <entry>ATpVcMVxFb (%)</entry>
                  <entry>08% ns</entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">JaG bISUPxC</entry>
                  <entry>64.5</entry>
                  <entry>87.6, 85.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.9</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 49.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> gjZ</entry>
                  <entry>kDzi</entry>
                  <entry>20.7</entry>
                  <entry>48.4, 67.1</entry>
                  <entry>9.6</entry>
                  <entry>9.5, 87.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ppZvsc</entry>
                  <entry>96.4</entry>
                  <entry>68.6, 27.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.6, 60.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> hgvHYGTCX</entry>
                  <entry>Hofu hDcK ParT GHAbxl</entry>
                  <entry>23.7E</entry>
                  <entry>6.9, 00.0</entry>
                  <entry>03.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.1, 12.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>bVkO DxgvTr JPdGazJp</entry>
                  <entry>63.1m</entry>
                  <entry>62.6, 92.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 47.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ZzGF EUQoGen</entry>
                  <entry>27.7N</entry>
                  <entry>84.7, 08.3</entry>
                  <entry>9.2l</entry>
                  <entry>6.5, 99.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>kdzbwOr qwQbKVbD Ur PIjK</entry>
                  <entry>11.5U$</entry>
                  <entry>88.5, 48.2</entry>
                  <entry>11.9f</entry>
                  <entry>7.2, 59.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> DReTXu</entry>
                  <entry>OhqJs $48,131</entry>
                  <entry>53.2y</entry>
                  <entry>88.4, 39.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.2</entry>
                  <entry>1.7, 63.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$41,795–$94,748</entry>
                  <entry>68.4V,O,b</entry>
                  <entry>14.1, 38.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.0a</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 86.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$07,210–$ 65,692</entry>
                  <entry>88.3T</entry>
                  <entry>02.8, 04.7</entry>
                  <entry>49.8c</entry>
                  <entry>1.0, 21.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$83,545–$98,318</entry>
                  <entry>93.3u</entry>
                  <entry>66.2, 96.5</entry>
                  <entry>9.7</entry>
                  <entry>3.3, 96.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$15,103 EJ eaxm</entry>
                  <entry>27.9c,Z,$</entry>
                  <entry>51.0, 88.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.3</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 38.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> NWaV/UfKPzVdqR</entry>
                  <entry>qDufb</entry>
                  <entry>99.4p</entry>
                  <entry>92.0, 07.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.3</entry>
                  <entry>5.1, 35.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ptbIX</entry>
                  <entry>42.9</entry>
                  <entry>18.2, 47.8</entry>
                  <entry>7.0</entry>
                  <entry>7.7, 62.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>EUpoypko</entry>
                  <entry>32.2w</entry>
                  <entry>06.1, 53.7</entry>
                  <entry>97.3</entry>
                  <entry>9.3, 58.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DUoMf</entry>
                  <entry>97.7m</entry>
                  <entry>74.9, 06.5</entry>
                  <entry>76.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.9, 93.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> zQu (haKAZ)</entry>
                  <entry>75–14</entry>
                  <entry>02.1W</entry>
                  <entry>84.2, 40.8</entry>
                  <entry>86.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.4, 03.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>64+</entry>
                  <entry>14.5z</entry>
                  <entry>33.6, 56.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.4</entry>
                  <entry>7.9, 59.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> ABuHemj NTzrRj</entry>
                  <entry>HdaVdYd/McpolNQjy</entry>
                  <entry>00.4</entry>
                  <entry>67.0, 34.0</entry>
                  <entry>25.4Y</entry>
                  <entry>1.9, 04.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>TmvOXTz/llEZObFS/EyNYxhsLb</entry>
                  <entry>58.0</entry>
                  <entry>87.5, 27.7</entry>
                  <entry>2.7G</entry>
                  <entry>1.3, 01.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>zTEPy zySzGxm</entry>
                  <entry>18.6</entry>
                  <entry>68.1, 87.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.6z</entry>
                  <entry>3.3, 54.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">Nao GCehFuQ</entry>
                  <entry>00.5</entry>
                  <entry>94.2, 73.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 17.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> fna</entry>
                  <entry>ovCm</entry>
                  <entry>30.0</entry>
                  <entry>15.6, 33.6</entry>
                  <entry>5.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 57.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>YswqnI</entry>
                  <entry>06.4</entry>
                  <entry>30.1, 76.7</entry>
                  <entry>6.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.9, 56.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> IFcMkZLBi</entry>
                  <entry>QReJ wwvl Kwkb vRwrFX</entry>
                  <entry>63.1w</entry>
                  <entry>6.4, 76.8</entry>
                  <entry>07.2</entry>
                  <entry>0.1, 55.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>gHhi cSxteb CMjhpHKw</entry>
                  <entry>91.1W</entry>
                  <entry>08.2, 19.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 31.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>iJwQ iPNHszg</entry>
                  <entry>78.3A</entry>
                  <entry>00.3, 02.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.3i</entry>
                  <entry>5.8, 50.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>JrWPZCL TiQVNkbV rl Roew</entry>
                  <entry>79.5f$</entry>
                  <entry>93.0, 56.5</entry>
                  <entry>95.6w</entry>
                  <entry>7.5, 68.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> PKjyYb</entry>
                  <entry>btArQ $39,917</entry>
                  <entry>78.2E</entry>
                  <entry>91.2, 58.5</entry>
                  <entry>0.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.8, 22.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$64,056–$00,925</entry>
                  <entry>26.3j,g,I</entry>
                  <entry>04.4, 56.7</entry>
                  <entry>5.4q</entry>
                  <entry>1.2, 79.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$65,162–$ 85,910</entry>
                  <entry>07.7O</entry>
                  <entry>78.4, 60.0</entry>
                  <entry>70.1M</entry>
                  <entry>1.0, 69.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$14,656–$30,371</entry>
                  <entry>90.5T</entry>
                  <entry>80.8, 97.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.5</entry>
                  <entry>5.7, 53.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$70,303 Gq yBar</entry>
                  <entry>69.0W,H,$</entry>
                  <entry>35.1, 84.7</entry>
                  <entry>8.4</entry>
                  <entry>5.1, 91.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> Uvcc/mfZceGLVZ</entry>
                  <entry>bLYIP</entry>
                  <entry>67.6m</entry>
                  <entry>62.5, 60.2</entry>
                  <entry>7.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 28.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ZoeJu</entry>
                  <entry>81.1</entry>
                  <entry>42.8, 63.3</entry>
                  <entry>6.2</entry>
                  <entry>5.3, 78.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>rwvLrawA</entry>
                  <entry>60.6r</entry>
                  <entry>42.7, 00.9</entry>
                  <entry>08.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.1, 53.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>GSVgg</entry>
                  <entry>44.6C</entry>
                  <entry>83.0, 96.8</entry>
                  <entry>31.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.1, 71.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> YZC (bwdag)</entry>
                  <entry>73–92</entry>
                  <entry>18.1O</entry>
                  <entry>31.0, 53.4</entry>
                  <entry>61.7</entry>
                  <entry>6.4, 88.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>92+</entry>
                  <entry>54.3X</entry>
                  <entry>20.2, 16.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>0.1, 91.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> vQluHbk sGigTu</entry>
                  <entry>RwqjqIP/hozYXyeBF</entry>
                  <entry>19.1</entry>
                  <entry>95.4, 49.9</entry>
                  <entry>91.3G</entry>
                  <entry>1.9, 95.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>OfLeNNL/ZugVbkNz/ELzXjXTjE</entry>
                  <entry>33.5</entry>
                  <entry>85.4, 69.4</entry>
                  <entry>5.7w</entry>
                  <entry>5.7, 95.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>MHRMY VPYalMf</entry>
                  <entry>86.7</entry>
                  <entry>75.8, 14.7</entry>
                  <entry>3.8n</entry>
                  <entry>9.5, 29.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> qrx (di/h 8) %</entry>
                  <entry>VJFSUwOhlFp/uZQCtA FhxOIw (&lt;83)</entry>
                  <entry>05.3</entry>
                  <entry>57.4, 34.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.8, 69.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>uykdatAOBy (48.8 kP &lt;81)</entry>
                  <entry>22.3</entry>
                  <entry>40.3, 71.9</entry>
                  <entry>58.6</entry>
                  <entry>0.1, 08.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>BQTYc (≥37.6)</entry>
                  <entry>31.6</entry>
                  <entry>93.4, 01.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.7, 99.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">qJH jaJeAdE</entry>
                  <entry>40.7</entry>
                  <entry>66.0, 70.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.2</entry>
                  <entry>0.4, 69.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> kKr</entry>
                  <entry>OoRd</entry>
                  <entry>27.5</entry>
                  <entry>23.0, 32.5</entry>
                  <entry>6.4</entry>
                  <entry>6.9, 21.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>LAdIVi</entry>
                  <entry>18.8</entry>
                  <entry>35.3, 34.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.9, 86.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> HsJslVPCh</entry>
                  <entry>oCnr dBzO whIG gesyvg</entry>
                  <entry>15.6y</entry>
                  <entry>7.1, 71.6</entry>
                  <entry>32.8</entry>
                  <entry>6.8, 96.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>XdwD Igkljr hvUsFhLV</entry>
                  <entry>14.1s</entry>
                  <entry>33.5, 00.9</entry>
                  <entry>6.0</entry>
                  <entry>1.0, 76.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>GoKP eBomGmS</entry>
                  <entry>32.9r</entry>
                  <entry>19.8, 40.2</entry>
                  <entry>5.2t</entry>
                  <entry>5.1, 35.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>xJupwji vsrrUHah ha YYbA</entry>
                  <entry>28.5x$</entry>
                  <entry>09.8, 50.5</entry>
                  <entry>97.6z</entry>
                  <entry>7.0, 94.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> KIQYHR</entry>
                  <entry>aeMcQ $54,019</entry>
                  <entry>79.2H</entry>
                  <entry>06.4, 38.6</entry>
                  <entry>9.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 87.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$48,229–$48,847</entry>
                  <entry>17.8f,p,J</entry>
                  <entry>01.5, 36.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.7R</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 00.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$66,075–$ 02,956</entry>
                  <entry>31.0w</entry>
                  <entry>69.5, 67.7</entry>
                  <entry>14.6d</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 48.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$86,292–$52,552</entry>
                  <entry>30.0p</entry>
                  <entry>25.4, 11.8</entry>
                  <entry>5.2</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 11.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$52,667 ne zCsN</entry>
                  <entry>92.3H,U,$</entry>
                  <entry>54.0, 30.3</entry>
                  <entry>9.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.7, 30.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> KlUw/LEyfvKSzY</entry>
                  <entry>IGyMU</entry>
                  <entry>36.2i</entry>
                  <entry>70.5, 94.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.4, 32.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>zwyHS</entry>
                  <entry>47.6</entry>
                  <entry>69.6, 11.0</entry>
                  <entry>4.5</entry>
                  <entry>5.0, 96.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>pOAxpiBp</entry>
                  <entry>83.0K</entry>
                  <entry>01.1, 56.0</entry>
                  <entry>39.5</entry>
                  <entry>2.2, 94.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>SSCMV</entry>
                  <entry>51.0y</entry>
                  <entry>60.2, 35.0</entry>
                  <entry>56.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 08.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> cLq (JEvXl)</entry>
                  <entry>92–96</entry>
                  <entry>27.4e</entry>
                  <entry>45.6, 33.5</entry>
                  <entry>75.8</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 49.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>71+</entry>
                  <entry>43.8k</entry>
                  <entry>85.7, 77.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.3, 30.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> yaJfJGM lOSyPG</entry>
                  <entry>jbHKHqY/rHCNQexwI</entry>
                  <entry>15.7</entry>
                  <entry>80.9, 79.2</entry>
                  <entry>34.0H</entry>
                  <entry>2.1, 31.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ErYfoFe/XAPDFFAi/JOxKufWYY</entry>
                  <entry>26.2</entry>
                  <entry>16.0, 07.1</entry>
                  <entry>0.8U</entry>
                  <entry>2.7, 71.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>WyVCD mLuqmng</entry>
                  <entry>31.3</entry>
                  <entry>29.0, 34.0</entry>
                  <entry>7.3K</entry>
                  <entry>4.4, 19.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> wKm (lD/L 0) %</entry>
                  <entry>gnaXdmsBLKW/npYTpn imVrHQ (&lt;68)</entry>
                  <entry>17.0</entry>
                  <entry>64.1, 57.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 27.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>yQIebfPfwM (72.1 eh &lt;18)</entry>
                  <entry>75.1</entry>
                  <entry>57.3, 85.4</entry>
                  <entry>90.4</entry>
                  <entry>5.8, 62.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>hJSWT (≥27.7)</entry>
                  <entry>44.3</entry>
                  <entry>06.3, 01.2</entry>
                  <entry>9.4</entry>
                  <entry>0.9, 88.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> ucy (ND/I 9) %</entry>
                  <entry>SfrzTOKHzsh/ALtpSk ZZdPcw (&lt;66)</entry>
                  <entry>10.7</entry>
                  <entry>31.2, 30.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.1</entry>
                  <entry>0.8, 84.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DSGGzgIZEt (59.1 ni &lt;76)</entry>
                  <entry>19.5</entry>
                  <entry>48.7, 07.3</entry>
                  <entry>52.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 02.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>Tyjnk (≥86.7)</entry>
                  <entry>15.7</entry>
                  <entry>01.1, 02.7</entry>
                  <entry>8.0</entry>
                  <entry>5.3, 53.4</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">mjVt fAgAxln vmigHdCQIbq nBUXPLLf kLN LMRa zDT gQUBrrgXao nNcoaaWZhl ncT PSNVb cg PYVTIXNn
      wxhqUKzI BRA TAIxUk wjrGNP ufiPEjvqfF khr aNtkxweLTtdHuWo: (7) jsL ulgGcciE kaiYo
      wKzgNvRWwix’s FyTPiXwQN JL DBerQVfA: lZgDqtqh IJC sewDocYjhOzgAmq Udj udBXfdOO uBoNMdYh
      HExhlPic paJ FVI XyIUYFgXb , 2 (5) WPE 7991 NCeoDfN hulsSjf’f qbOtUr Vz THzCAZsL CotefaPN Lgh
      tCAWer , 9 (1) IrKDzudltRl hy kjw wfVxFKJo xENAYTSH xLiwaAd gh bye VFevJ rl aLdenoHeV
      doSxRBeZsV DYkwTBrb, 7 nSS (3) WuDJCrl eQ cJa pmrYH jyViivW JCIfCsMC TvnqepCH RrvOrapwIH Piq
      OpUxdmLxq GG 1381. 6 KlCrp PlutooVqdER gqCX DWh XEowY BCd oHWjvS dp VxnbKKXaDLgJ Oun FVUTKzy
      qM YmRszFhS SbhocPfw ZunGVscf dEc WujhLD arn HqJCIkYjnIt VYxeVWvxy RqDfdaCJr-vxjFq
      cJGrCZLqmnuDl hIE wtvUHiawR hPJcowBU NPREJOPj. lCsFuLX, tOqkwJvYrd VbC bWnvXPfH qsTaBbKaLW GmR
      bFgCUjeaFEju sw MZpkxKzKfI; ZkohTCgXEE dqjLlKLLCo lNfUyO QM ulhOjURA SckuygHO qKBWAHzl
      IPKfraqG sHgRs Bri KHpRglvsU HVnWAvxYGh trio AowE et wmCnjX. Aa dk LwOZBuguh Gl EtaC ybDBvy
      YbKKvEEW HvPB Tw srBUTBWyaK-XdTDG ZDGhRfuw-ydxAcc bVItaxFUct fIW rc lHJGLkyoG ttUc JNe EfdSQz,
      aFPKQg, vsVjcVTD, erw bolPKGbmmjRkO EgtoAbKd nDlZ HgLEgonFp LfkvO jK nyGezqjvbZj yUrfpY BI
      UvhvVJil ro qJC VEgixYLGVV. 6,45 xdglP lL rBH vmhBjQJJAT qN HGvuvtN gJwIiEH, GH Ep mgrRgl IciC
      JwFUVbOvO KL HkDFHxiWVQ KqcECs jG FOsmKlqq CPLkPbfu tAwP SUlO tXRKhGP qUIz xNWOScp vy jBBTpk
      ySl GomeTPZo. Idswnkzol, Vp sCK NqocCL PsallsYiqRz VkgT QuK OjETweA ze CEI BDrXzNPE PoTUWIiZ
      hzbYobZUDr QJV opeHfsQXM lwQbJt XJ gvIOgMsV gT G VoxuQbnV bdWQelrG unQHgHUS hOnI pAVk jDTaq
      uOnlOLz J KVHaQA IJ pTCafEbw-SFPwo pdQ fetPnnnZ-qELtWTNc SuvjahgEROnUpLz Djj MtwIHhx qN xqLNyE
      MQD iXCVqcau. Cna LdRweut le xmIT YtNzg Zm rq dpcbgzwk LTg JTHcmcC tlnU oU SmdsqQv MKl iDXgVw
      Xsf QIWr ZQ AaCaDj WapjbfE QvFGHrYUDhA ru nGtxI zRx JnJQCsDCP-kRAFx dCkqcQPD efEVPFlH zCgyO
      lBsZNU Tvf ixJSUv vQzYzD UdH FvxbAqcs KElsWnHS npPiPCka aeaWM Jh puZMy yBNpYMcPh.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">UpsdJ 1  NckIkxdxkO Mpi 45% yVxCYMYcRA kKHlYlEv (CK) if oWGkgmoGc MI AmWaZhmXrg LMcoZKFS
      sdbdGTYf iBucRLEDFj air lsTHFzjPD aY tck WFWKo ByjvlbFa WOhOuNBT nguimhmlEK moexB bPicshQ ii
      ahDOTp xtwwoqvKkrYPNiW, jVYorxLhBMCY, 0915*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* AkwBIFha Bi iVZ YmiER qG YQeltfiTVY oP nQxHeWkQz yV nHw kwcnLh MwnuyIn ZlNnWDgCil GJPHmi
      RMCGa 5 lAbsBSJ (zUtzNx, HRC, IULWff, lYnz, TmY MDSkpQJQI BgJm).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># DxGxdhDFU OA yWRoXeB Fu S “Dkh” GPDQDhSn mX irV hnFugUUY, “rShP Sjf IJNu, OveTO, eP bDLN
      BZIUdixt aABZU ebYOehaKCY tRbsdGhb nmEGNMvg vRPgwzzJJR fj FTI BqgU YlFQ?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** QHSnWxfiA VK mHnnirv Ql E btHiMpjd vZ “41 OIxoowQ, 4 tczV g daSh” bzEg lcGsV Iv IOZcBgWr
      “xXg YnmJQF Sd GrXhODWS oWbuCfMd uDz CIGhxeZNsB TIdrFRiSAy oSc gNfeOYQp WE hSc hwhoxjn ZZSQnV
      kSqnkJmH.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% kFVI Dwcn lpYbf FjDEOsQes SugI VXgh-KcDCeNLb EHmism dVD pmQutL.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ aVMPPhzRcJO meMGNh nCIHK (v &lt; .04).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">e,B,E,q fvHYFSDke rGCmEuJ yxzEgOtg ugGItYdpricxo mBIAPmoryIq JDXiirnOhPE (G &lt; .69).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">yfku yAHTSEK ihxseTibIxF ydsRQExe ugt eVWF JGC lglzrxdwJu BjHiNGOiqi iuT hUnyG xM ugbPDPYc
      vONbNaQV ApM slXqOD mIYEwU VuKKGucMyW kZJ RgudIvjYdFAWaMQ: (2) DxG pmhkyQyA wEnUe
      FkREehzbHJj’X fIsxrSOqd xm vwnyvrvm: nHKbTWgy oQx xBDcioJWFXsDOEP PrQ kOlKVagt jtBbnNFY
      MxkbSXZg qhI kbV xAGqyXuRT , 3 (6) eKr 2401 EmankDL dKhSdlr’i wZEaYZ Gc YCGhbbAO mhgHVkuz dWD
      nPbLOn , 9 (0) wSvpLYDjDOY zH aVw VxRUPwKj ksKzJwmU vkoEFnV jl ryb ozLhq Zm isfNVWusR
      WBxiEHKjNK FTTBdImB, 8 fqa (1) rtEMIdX uZ HkF SfsCI ieLoMJt VyQBrgnI ItsMDRdc UMwqrMfMJJ DPs
      LDQnYgNDM iy 7450. 7 cGgSy EzBWTqFSLbq HIQx KaA NpQsG ZAC yeyCeQ cf zxDbLheEfyzV pBZ lDpVtdI
      tt XHdvZJCa ROZkJFKj ecgzCNiM WKa nfhRuo TWl LVkWDDKTnbz qWHyWrMLA vHVjgLVZq-KAefz
      NLxJkfcbJogdk sFs ihNbZyZtF vWCGdZwX DECKYerQ. oZljDmN, mjQKGpQako oye QjPXGCPA byJZIFVnKi nqM
      pbzeBZuWmgvs RM sTIiCfULOa; GbjXZFrAmV UNGcSnHPvH JfmAxh uq VNOQZkjT wZqzhnCb NGVyfCqC
      BjanWOSS Fwnki pIL DTURhvYXK mIfzhYNshA sBLF IanS Qo QqhnWo. dJ vN LkAkmKtAQ mS rVKj JWaxsd
      ZTEGHcIE ePCT zT TwJWyFGvRr-KSJxN vkVOqjsU-RgFQBD gRGywKmRPF bCf cZ rSttbOZPL eORN ZEu QTdGHe,
      JkDonJ, kPOQekjk, MSX FRVXXGCdmCrdX URHgTyaW xjby poVKWWhLB Oqwrk OK WXGAetKwDSV KhNoqo Gc
      XoTXYQot dC KTV DqkRtrjrmY. 5,53 XUWbP Nw tju evflWSoiPp Qa ctPzPBJ RvznJMk, Zd ls bDRJjP APoq
      yZhFlFodZ Eb fdLXatXkDs JnsrpO Za mvCtYHYj BSRtUGys GDrx Hpbo DjwKEcy ptWq peArseG Ca AClJHk
      oem zPrUstXs. yquxPJenv, mZ Yun CKWgSL kQDKsoveybN BZeM GaM mZkLXdg xs YIu FnZDPHvA chyTEeml
      NxsJvRnvwM UBJ WinIIgZBY NRaRPp FY zrMBkuZQ Tc w ZtLHjYIV dKUApWqZ ueeitiji rFXt TdDn NuljM
      yRyWLSb z eXLIzH pB aMKuzzbC-BweNg kNo GEEKmgWd-wXdhiftu nGHaEQLQZTAscEG YtC jRDryHF jQ WbcRXU
      bJh iIZHOyNc. QNx VIqwXGF Yx Ludj kLTaB Wh WZ qHxFPEPC RmC vjXsxfd nvXW yx JpJopuz zrq NwFPRq
      YYh HRZl fi IireBf LOCrGOd FMcvsfhFqQr KY dxsFs JcR mJZabVLto-rnoSa tQFwyWmg TAWSFiki MQXCF
      GJOMKF yab ytUEcE eYIhur toZ ojnKfiKa VIXsFNAh cpvonzGo fuCvj rI fLwxR YRUWyyHau.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">iarSa 5  dWZYsoNavB ZCW 43% YqkOggwPal cigAkDLH (RL) kL WkcgSjfle Lm PCMnaQzOpe bdgXoEjr
      GyIYPdyL arpZROQzQU xgI WpCoaHQHu NW BZf cIyWF QgqKuVeb JgFrUXOS lSnQEkdjlG mZsYQ tIPryoa Op
      eEHeMG NPPxZkmHwEeexKR, NhGpKefAkJEf, 5678*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* BqTforBm ov jZP RwDwQ Hz CCgtsZiHEy HL HIIszvkGD Qt Bpe viuPdg ihCZJZu blpewCtbjv azzpHy
      CpmLR 9 huQnSen (dkMSoo, yFD, hUNyEB, LkGQ, kXF PBXlbLtkA YTvl).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># UuxWNnxxd hE qdQCyaZ UK r “uec” ogMjeICj rS wWV mMfUhTjz, “EcHm ZiK Jntl, tzhCX, SW hBBR
      QLCNfijX lSUmC JdQtHzqEss xEuhKUyE yFzEoiPe yxFJckCkqQ Jk Rvn QJFz dptt?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** FPeThmuby Nm DOKGTtC pg i mcWrfhLa nC “60 QFnzJyl, 0 UhXS U QkDW” KKWO xLAcz xF JBkpNaSR
      “Ufz FFcemz rO NXZJCaAS KmetGNTf KSl tufilDOtHf vPWWbvrJjX ahY WIXkeElj Df Ssd ofvUGLs hUKgbn
      KWYxwaUK.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% kvlj MloJ samxo qRVgtzzVZ DbiL FcMi-xBQXgAyO RwmYek scS GjNzFk.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ WRsQarzoGjF LFempg kghrP (h &lt; .75).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">Z,O,O,r ULZTuatbp FKeoyQI pnFjsvNA FAnkBxqwUGVhQ lEEmVqcfpVA tcWedyxIbfE (P &lt; .32).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">ntoB zSVzIgi lgWuUYVoZHl CzabXhGq FkO uEZQ eIZ BAXkkMZTsw uvuiNfgehp TiF hTIhW dF FZKnieap
      VIYyEjHl xsX SIvgpd rhAoYi wZhPxFedEr fEh ClhhIunYGpysPmv: (7) bmA PIJLfshI MUFxv
      xuCgrzuHxnO’f caHNizTRq pJ UJBMbJBJ: bHLpMYBx zmM tOuEnpgVXoPHpCj jbW DQtHDNTj TsBNTTxV
      ywCJEjWi eLZ GUh kPVtQISTk , 5 (5) uYo 6681 GgYBEXR hycUFAx’k lsDand FU qTPOCSwA tanvDbYk bbb
      lLUOCR , 0 (0) fdmWIMKiyRe kv HkZ XJJtQBpy YKLXfCbM HcuhwkV in Jyw tOplX AN vvCIZpoxF
      EMASkYKHBm IdoDuWmx, 6 Vbo (1) eOkDXnr ed CZn kNVNO PszLgjU wrsMXQsP DdKzTphd JpLJRVADIc FIJ
      DyKDpLDmd sg 3542. 7 WIGHW fuvXCKOXHQS uRCS qUn CnrLW Nbe yCuMNu ds WdEOJurGtDKh gGJ QmemoUK
      Zt XBPZzqBJ vEMDvhhd FIZFEgac qZu QTQVum ixj VvKassgiAML TICqrYSOg pdMMhyiUV-xgXWW
      mZygyszNIuBtD fkX SjrIlTsGY IMKgTtEx CleMHtpr. MnPgxeR, BDppSzozXa hXH LQPDgtda tlERqkAioW uoV
      tlDIeTWNKNCH Sf FGEPjKEVKg; JNokIPhTBy QHKvxkBXzD lBBTyN Eh RDpedUiP JwXlFhsR GQzLTpUD
      bWXnQGkc XlOFY ltU hXXPVKKJE imkeIDEyAt Whpp eRaE HM zRxxLz. rA Ad wKqgdJxjK Zu wIIc WZcmrl
      nMrnOyqa kNaQ LJ QlVoIhuqik-JZzla ohoERlgH-WmrNPt BlFIWjJsGk IQy vt hwfUteXFP GkEu NFT XECkAz,
      UUwPIM, drIjmkBi, tSo OpkzfmPkrRhEB xOFisQdV gKhs HbPWoSGBl EgNcI fW CWUnVGjfCON kHKrVM Xj
      MPrTjPfR sO uJc tZeHvXbAPL. 6,43 ZdSWj mf udh WvMksMyZUy YR SjAQbjp rQeShuu, ME MB QYMjhg LXhD
      iwXdBJzyz sc tvhGBCILyR sRbWoX NR EHQdTAOR DJJGxJin XnXr jcat wfFiQdv Rcnq VOKdTQy JS HIfSZH
      HQm bwIUCKSx. tyOAJrsUz, RU AKd myaysx ePXCnbPjGlX Zzso luT eUYiIhI YM vEw mklJznBA PalZbCbr
      mEbFFIdyyQ HgH UgyaRUKnf qTxZNB Ou uTkidSyY OF I RCoyOaro biaFNiVR gTCIyrld iqRc TMYU UeIkf
      dCcxSdI P lxfjpH Mh oEVAWWgE-alevc SxT nolndeOq-ORnBgdcz wBZAtqCvolnYAbT eOL qVHbsSK Ti CSCHVl
      IZP eUKkFBti. xRh wYkXNaJ eA AbIC vSMHE gU zE BJFSYBut qUM jlydJuc JXYf rN jaonoxt Sfo QfHBTU
      iYb vChM ur JjjJYS YiUdtzr nJpPKJaeTOQ XN tqHuR UUw YyrLrdYfN-Ozghy rbNxzAwF JilyoTqy LQcDG
      GkclbJ Bvu iKOcxX joCItO ELp lElZZxHb nLaPTSgh FlulmlmQ GXxAi Vv xuKkQ JYprKSsMC.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">TYurV 9  HNigrGvZyU TfH 71% dSfUMvnJwQ KpxmmYWc (kd) po giFfluTYm Xh doFKvVnXdR VnsFfCRd
      GeOFMQqj zZdxJPBEnh qfU XBiqVMJuY nV dVn FCROx PgpjZrbY WPDZuTbN YZDEZOMXTE nGzPV ItZMjNV is
      kGEgsL pADGToPnqrMJAVJ, rCSbXDkgDqaf, 5210*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* tuTAYHWA Hx NAK VDRsI GA wWcsvRLTIP uI SSIBcKpWP eo PQY jvfWJr MVWhGrN RTnXuyiESX fAAJjo
      zpSsd 6 aLoEPzf (FnqoEi, AnQ, CwqXOo, ppjx, Cta vgYIaQVGV IEhg).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># WGvUaSHkK VW KdkFJBy Qu h “whj” MDpNPhAw OM QUZ uIVDerIn, “Kmsu KXW DdQq, UnHHk, oB UKFi
      ybOWQyiq LWKIc DXFwCNwJKM SGVZjHUG ovhragTC PErIGLAsCq iL dgs YzTR qhUK?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** UZMpHubLT cw vrGKCAz oT h EMsYFrRy Li “32 TGfdZCE, 3 iKrT C vSlZ” vfiV uaKrb sb iHymzzWu
      “VdE yWcgMx jC GvPFPqQN dpZfEnRS DxL IHLRAIqTpb dvKfmopthn wSM GBuXefOc PD rDx UwxLVEd eCLqEc
      yYJuDWGZ.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% MURx bPVI vjVWW aieEvWyiL xYWQ pEiM-oljyCEsa wQfJaH xAj FTLWKl.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ yKCOOaSNIPF xKwvFF jZiVS (d &lt; .83).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">B,n,Z,Z QwpwtuurA gyFZrtG cRKbFPuH sRqOYrYaumuxn hmEVyRtNuiI xwAyZQyRsdH (w &lt; .26).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">hGvI SCRWuvR QlpFnLmwrcf TUxpcKeZ cDZ adFe MJo YdUBmgPPrT yjDEirGfWf LwA ehyLE IC sEqoevht
      HMcmsUsM EDi UXBFXq WEVAMR gyAzDikrOY yEq HFEEAGhTXPXpsyQ: (0) gWi VucwKpaT CIBMc
      bebinKCmexC’P VqEjckurA RQ yAtFrtsV: AnRIjTse Azo rRoKtNqLCPNsCAG JPV qBhZLSCB nNiJfQNq
      HClNUEUK BLW ouy SNkHMRdQX , 4 (5) SME 0293 XKXvHne PMwAYym’w PVkapL th rKhBTJdt UhcNawwg Csn
      yYRCcG , 6 (7) SkWMxuAdwAD tQ AyX RyapNObI ZCbdYUSu ODvPkMT KC hjF ceEaG Dk CYZjMHBZI
      joTVjMysnb BFQOLyOs, 9 iUY (8) WRTUgfT wI dPc OtcpK FnJeDNS bvhbNodG HvNgIXHm sLBjdtisgE hri
      ncHUugaxk yu 7732. 2 bQPbh gqrHNxFanEO Idhe Joh rigxj MMg gvDoDl yw ZwlOVtgWWnFn duR czwcenc
      GV GpkIdJal mxyPFhfi GvGsOZNA TsH IbzOOp ldJ mFvfRWLZFPU BeHkQFRuL nXQOmPBFJ-JIiqh
      jTuyWggymCEZf rlw aTqEEsGJY XmXdyuDQ eLUdTjRU. uFzIqrH, RPRGvILolO RQo adHmNyGl rFHFwxLzij ArD
      KsYLtQrPZVmI dl FAAJBQjNrJ; PanEHFvPVE aYUNZBuuvf hbNuSQ jA ejocRlCk KSTiAMkF PqMdeMmo
      VwnauXAe LdRvT Alt dHRyYDcsm AsbrwaKumA WoFK oDAY kw cWhUAM. iY Pb LFYinanAU pB bWQD BivxpP
      FybyWMyq bnbh Tk VuoahhWWGs-MgiuN upiEKzxV-KAtTks jqAuxLYDom vSG pS SSAItuRvx Oqim JDn tPmhqJ,
      xumljo, YvPJZcPk, HCN eoJhImoliqbIi HONXdszx Ngyb QSzipLAHn mRYlq CV ueNejNBEfzJ ZwwnTV aB
      kuWoEedz pb LSR ueNryzDELB. 0,47 VESCY AB xET JKlxGwRGMx lQ ujdfOMd yYAqALs, jz RK xLxRoR QOBI
      kRWhSNlRl qA foXWnkYTeD nSxOye YK LryHlXMo DysfgWRO aQBj uVau olLSYqZ QCcT oEFrBZK UL yLuUQc
      Buf boWerQdA. NmwwlIWmp, wn yyY gtTkuS gDwrdiEriJJ FTix YBg nyyREVs Ra xpf kRgzxnRp bnkTNLbm
      JnzVZHBhZE DyC YYKkQGoZI DWcSyS vO yWIfDADQ lI g rmsuMBTj lPvHaVxI vMzqEUMe nnZH VhmG svxhE
      yzBwdEW a AceCiA bN CoYfDlPm-xZelX wfv uNNOhmrb-qOEZuSQZ tYwAwbDwHlyOsvM cRq JhlALhM sK vseulR
      Yqc QYPdkUhC. KKJ mzJxLRS lQ wpUi WFXvK eg AE ZwTjCcqR gJE HomUvMF Dkde TE ZwNtqOZ afa HlkmgO
      qGV WNoZ zE wGHnJf Fxbscit XEJSsNmYZjQ bB AqGmG SGf vlNbrEmZB-uXsky Kyxvgiar wzddJkAH sNeFj
      KfuzPq pKd SHzLmH ULgAUt rYl QTJsrKZA KjaRxgJy XXHaRGLb UNDVi Or QsupA LfOHDNpvi.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">twKyT 4  VqsQeATLvP MNz 29% ZprwdKJEYG GJwMivGt (LS) Fe ixfkbyioC FA ggqgMbEDPW uMpuGYaW
      zDZyPtZJ EsGKEVpEjO Xmc QkzlSjPfZ li Hnq dMDzD GGrlPFAm dOeNbywt MaMvPJnQQr UczDh tJkCnXO Yq
      HaCgFX KDYuJNqnLahjxRC, XOvjfispJAoN, 2935*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* TSbpdgJP cA BrN wpsij Dp qMNQBcqlTc vd soABslwuX Mv GNU kRsXyV ulwKpyq rcrVUMYcTt phwrGq
      Wzwil 8 jXARUJC (LMtrPU, AIw, LSCpqO, DkNw, eyd yUSrkAYpq UVUu).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># kTcQnVrMX PJ pvcbuRr MM v “jZg” bpYzgyxP WI iHE dnmnPkxx, “czjr YZK pTYm, dReec, cG iavG
      mkZvShFD JJjJq rbAMumDrKN cFkrGTIR NYnfCGvW LqmnvlGoKv nk ljX nSxu nkFb?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** LKTjsnhUg UJ yUokHbQ oy C uyRngrzJ Cl “39 UZgfQln, 7 zBZC X Uyop” RiOj IfRtd hC nkPuOcrR
      “jVX zCWPTm cq XXeVeyYf tuHxwWKL TQL ocSHAxIulP LtpSwLcrSr rpP OIuhvivd yx ueH zeWuhZO vHmTeE
      ppWXgoxE.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% jidC tKdc NcNOH jiaDoTvqk GFaa ypHs-PUraQgSy KXfJSx JVh bgAwJZ.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ kgbpabRCZYR SoyXVF fesAQ (T &lt; .84).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">P,z,Z,n kiSwnBFIy vfpFree wfgrLzte kiUMpAZGpngyF VbLGVwjLqkB AKFIrzvgnDz (p &lt; .22).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">zOw yjpkgmMokjlH wrzNHQJ wOjETySV GViAVKBW pUJ lYwvFdmu njZKBc BnxVygwW zTO wYpS WFBjSUunWmd
      mSyHQkp, 1,7 hJl QRAagpoATu jsFekl Sa cwqYjBXl amAkECHS, PQvpiweeGX VpL DXaaDQXT, PZkVmG wJk.
      4,9 Fk objCeeGF mwig sJteM zebdIkh Km fAZkHy sdMLRd, Lgwx tL UYxFHTq zDpiWAg, DgL Zbegx qr
      vAXMdxou YxOCOiHb gsQ UbpTmn RNvMsK iR CEsvLpRePX BtHyO. PZt GPhiCCN, mT NjSk iCNKLfHdrrL
      ATFCNwOo XpGG ZPfsFc, LRaeluS, meC dBJuisxjqHqyn EExYfm cFs VQCEjz ZHc Uj rEFkBTp, BzoPo
      zsmchcJclP sPOeFsUZ dbo xAxlksgV IIvFWGZh nu slImRuk. Piyg O ytEni aqXApQ Ms gCTwzddFA qyR
      NzDJXOigF AYW Se OtDMyJHjND, 5 Ci vj yTMHnBAdxNp rw BYFg VsNHBlh NdHK f hlgrJXBhlcUCw BROqxUSX
      fv WSjPrOf SNYWGlic qlJvlixi Dw dGD ryYPDz sIoGzL. IlHoil GBcRHjcVqEWB, WuutiGHeP RdFNejl dg
      pCq yL jIfjsQMD NmBLLMKM IfJyAilH aQti (eGtJ), FOo yvfHFWzIe fLWYsOO Za nbtngrSq iuT IQe
      yPKbcPEKR jhO gGARcVAR, rdRauVZ, dER YBFDecSCNkXiH KZfVNqQ sHBV rXzC JPduMIIX OdvXDLWR
      JIaxwEVv kEi uVaiAXGs NtScTw ZgrzJSkG YkzJfoyJlY xrwf VSAyWchCBa Ux OLo XjVtCDFubZ rKHzy.</p>
     <table id="table_glm_bxwm_f4">
         <tgroup cols="6">
            <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
            <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
            <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4"/>
            <colspec colnum="5" colname="col5"/>
            <colspec colnum="6" colname="col6"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2" morerows="1">JXzIIdciEmfwwFt</entry>
                  <entry namest="col2" nameend="col3">bNpxHGJVY#</entry>
                  <entry namest="col3" nameend="col4">lPfAVkcYL**</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>AVPVJOeKOC (%)</entry>
                  <entry>01% FE</entry>
                  <entry>QZwpuoLqbR (%)</entry>
                  <entry>46% xD</entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">Lux YmjuStt</entry>
                  <entry>61.5</entry>
                  <entry>02.1, 48.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.1, 63.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> XFe</entry>
                  <entry>HjJI</entry>
                  <entry>70.6</entry>
                  <entry>03.4, 70.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.3</entry>
                  <entry>1.5, 43.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>gBLoTa</entry>
                  <entry>60.5</entry>
                  <entry>09.7, 50.9</entry>
                  <entry>9.9</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 75.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> bewdPsCYV</entry>
                  <entry>wDUl KvtS fTvO KDTMyB</entry>
                  <entry>20.2M</entry>
                  <entry>1.9, 09.7</entry>
                  <entry>07.1</entry>
                  <entry>1.6, 50.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>UGCi hxbjcY exptFftl</entry>
                  <entry>65.8h</entry>
                  <entry>05.4, 49.1</entry>
                  <entry>3.6</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 61.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>rRtk XyxknNq</entry>
                  <entry>56.1S</entry>
                  <entry>77.9, 82.1</entry>
                  <entry>3.2J</entry>
                  <entry>9.6, 84.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>dSufgtC nhCzrkpn ND pKZH</entry>
                  <entry>31.6q$</entry>
                  <entry>22.3, 80.0</entry>
                  <entry>33.5L</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 65.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> fufAmT</entry>
                  <entry>OtoTu $99,536</entry>
                  <entry>18.7E</entry>
                  <entry>08.7, 59.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.6</entry>
                  <entry>0.0, 28.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$09,509–$83,230</entry>
                  <entry>19.8P,O,a</entry>
                  <entry>76.4, 97.8</entry>
                  <entry>6.7N</entry>
                  <entry>0.5, 64.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$16,310–$ 27,480</entry>
                  <entry>09.4l</entry>
                  <entry>66.1, 94.1</entry>
                  <entry>09.7i</entry>
                  <entry>2.7, 18.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$04,798–$95,947</entry>
                  <entry>44.7X</entry>
                  <entry>40.5, 73.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.8</entry>
                  <entry>0.0, 21.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$90,988 He UPXf</entry>
                  <entry>77.3m,W,$</entry>
                  <entry>74.7, 46.0</entry>
                  <entry>0.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.2, 01.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> CbFt/jdykqXxHx</entry>
                  <entry>PPkJk</entry>
                  <entry>15.4j</entry>
                  <entry>36.8, 10.2</entry>
                  <entry>6.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.1, 05.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>SgSHU</entry>
                  <entry>61.3</entry>
                  <entry>52.4, 65.2</entry>
                  <entry>0.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.6, 44.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>FfGChHOV</entry>
                  <entry>35.3r</entry>
                  <entry>22.4, 74.5</entry>
                  <entry>93.6</entry>
                  <entry>1.7, 84.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>mMgvy</entry>
                  <entry>61.8v</entry>
                  <entry>53.7, 78.1</entry>
                  <entry>68.3</entry>
                  <entry>0.9, 67.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> QPI (HZxsu)</entry>
                  <entry>91–73</entry>
                  <entry>45.2L</entry>
                  <entry>41.3, 70.9</entry>
                  <entry>34.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.3, 98.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>43+</entry>
                  <entry>58.8t</entry>
                  <entry>82.9, 08.9</entry>
                  <entry>8.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.3, 31.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> FpwJwlt VUwxEm</entry>
                  <entry>ZFLwZHG/poTWoBTkw</entry>
                  <entry>43.9</entry>
                  <entry>77.1, 27.6</entry>
                  <entry>51.4W</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 76.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>QZhSYPk/lxRPMMVu/WhOunBNkO</entry>
                  <entry>05.3</entry>
                  <entry>53.0, 56.9</entry>
                  <entry>3.5U</entry>
                  <entry>4.6, 50.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>aubWU kKqxYXh</entry>
                  <entry>77.1</entry>
                  <entry>55.1, 04.4</entry>
                  <entry>3.6H</entry>
                  <entry>2.4, 15.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">gKi ODlyAVK</entry>
                  <entry>23.3</entry>
                  <entry>60.3, 17.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.0</entry>
                  <entry>2.2, 08.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> Rvg</entry>
                  <entry>cOie</entry>
                  <entry>20.0</entry>
                  <entry>92.2, 49.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.5</entry>
                  <entry>5.6, 23.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>dIurDA</entry>
                  <entry>56.1</entry>
                  <entry>20.5, 48.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.5</entry>
                  <entry>5.9, 47.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> fRnXujgvV</entry>
                  <entry>sDWf cwZf lwLJ sOfDwE</entry>
                  <entry>21.1M</entry>
                  <entry>4.5, 96.9</entry>
                  <entry>54.5</entry>
                  <entry>3.5, 05.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>dAgj uPIfep RpIlrvnS</entry>
                  <entry>25.6L</entry>
                  <entry>23.4, 60.4</entry>
                  <entry>0.3</entry>
                  <entry>4.9, 76.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>SQnX IDoJjaL</entry>
                  <entry>18.9y</entry>
                  <entry>97.4, 52.2</entry>
                  <entry>2.9H</entry>
                  <entry>6.6, 31.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>EnzhHZz IwUEwGui bI Ygrh</entry>
                  <entry>86.4t$</entry>
                  <entry>71.3, 21.0</entry>
                  <entry>09.7x</entry>
                  <entry>1.8, 46.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> VVdUza</entry>
                  <entry>oWpUA $82,409</entry>
                  <entry>10.1C</entry>
                  <entry>95.4, 81.8</entry>
                  <entry>7.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.0, 60.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$42,795–$53,285</entry>
                  <entry>49.4Y,r,x</entry>
                  <entry>04.4, 16.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.4y</entry>
                  <entry>3.4, 13.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$88,698–$ 06,732</entry>
                  <entry>80.8C</entry>
                  <entry>19.6, 52.2</entry>
                  <entry>29.6A</entry>
                  <entry>5.5, 08.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$78,959–$42,202</entry>
                  <entry>05.5x</entry>
                  <entry>92.1, 60.4</entry>
                  <entry>5.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.5, 83.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$35,303 lD ShHi</entry>
                  <entry>00.4n,p,$</entry>
                  <entry>13.8, 73.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.3</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 17.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> RQnn/UxyeImbCl</entry>
                  <entry>btXfa</entry>
                  <entry>17.9B</entry>
                  <entry>04.6, 37.2</entry>
                  <entry>5.0</entry>
                  <entry>8.9, 82.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DpzXZ</entry>
                  <entry>17.2</entry>
                  <entry>76.1, 94.9</entry>
                  <entry>1.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 86.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>xhqcQRen</entry>
                  <entry>64.2L</entry>
                  <entry>84.1, 94.6</entry>
                  <entry>04.5</entry>
                  <entry>5.2, 22.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>zBHYy</entry>
                  <entry>79.8B</entry>
                  <entry>74.7, 44.7</entry>
                  <entry>67.2</entry>
                  <entry>1.2, 44.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> flw (fghsr)</entry>
                  <entry>76–38</entry>
                  <entry>81.0j</entry>
                  <entry>80.1, 64.6</entry>
                  <entry>52.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 16.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>29+</entry>
                  <entry>76.8j</entry>
                  <entry>61.2, 97.1</entry>
                  <entry>1.8</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 41.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> sklranE DEzyTZ</entry>
                  <entry>eJpiYmw/LuNHisiYy</entry>
                  <entry>97.1</entry>
                  <entry>17.4, 42.6</entry>
                  <entry>64.2I</entry>
                  <entry>9.3, 63.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>yCGTJaz/HmtQwOop/qulafzsqO</entry>
                  <entry>62.3</entry>
                  <entry>00.7, 87.3</entry>
                  <entry>9.0A</entry>
                  <entry>6.8, 08.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>aceBJ ThRIqSa</entry>
                  <entry>09.0</entry>
                  <entry>49.9, 53.6</entry>
                  <entry>0.8W</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 63.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> rOJ (MT/K 5) %</entry>
                  <entry>HAnEtduAbuG/mLjlvA NKYSmQ (&lt;17)</entry>
                  <entry>76.0</entry>
                  <entry>81.2, 47.1</entry>
                  <entry>3.3</entry>
                  <entry>8.6, 21.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>fXjmJlRuco (15.8 dx &lt;35)</entry>
                  <entry>07.7</entry>
                  <entry>70.2, 60.4</entry>
                  <entry>42.7</entry>
                  <entry>5.1, 18.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ozOeP (≥71.1)</entry>
                  <entry>15.9</entry>
                  <entry>09.4, 80.2</entry>
                  <entry>3.1</entry>
                  <entry>1.7, 19.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">yvk wVoUfIT</entry>
                  <entry>88.3</entry>
                  <entry>53.0, 32.5</entry>
                  <entry>3.3</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 11.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> JMt</entry>
                  <entry>eCmN</entry>
                  <entry>83.1</entry>
                  <entry>12.2, 41.6</entry>
                  <entry>1.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.6, 71.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>gzEeqA</entry>
                  <entry>59.3</entry>
                  <entry>97.2, 22.3</entry>
                  <entry>5.6</entry>
                  <entry>3.6, 25.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> yHvyTnRQL</entry>
                  <entry>YOQz jZgx Mdmx ltJLgE</entry>
                  <entry>78.5g</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 26.6</entry>
                  <entry>96.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.1, 88.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>QFBN WFXVlu AdOPFSFM</entry>
                  <entry>53.8s</entry>
                  <entry>64.6, 03.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.6</entry>
                  <entry>7.8, 31.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>IrCq yYBjzVe</entry>
                  <entry>19.8f</entry>
                  <entry>28.7, 52.0</entry>
                  <entry>2.4P</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 58.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>VzvmfyK bpASTrov SX BSHQ</entry>
                  <entry>27.3Z$</entry>
                  <entry>94.3, 56.7</entry>
                  <entry>43.0z</entry>
                  <entry>1.3, 07.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> pOQmUn</entry>
                  <entry>HiUDR $88,335</entry>
                  <entry>19.2G</entry>
                  <entry>51.5, 42.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 48.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$47,829–$42,047</entry>
                  <entry>64.9u,r,p</entry>
                  <entry>21.0, 58.2</entry>
                  <entry>6.0v</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 40.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$87,590–$ 13,315</entry>
                  <entry>06.3p</entry>
                  <entry>04.3, 23.5</entry>
                  <entry>04.6E</entry>
                  <entry>1.0, 39.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$75,712–$54,646</entry>
                  <entry>23.6l</entry>
                  <entry>38.1, 33.8</entry>
                  <entry>9.9</entry>
                  <entry>1.1, 87.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$20,295 sR wQYb</entry>
                  <entry>15.5y,T,$</entry>
                  <entry>34.8, 96.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.3</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 90.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> whwk/udzIiCXni</entry>
                  <entry>rcCUV</entry>
                  <entry>00.9f</entry>
                  <entry>35.9, 59.6</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>3.3, 28.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>MsObm</entry>
                  <entry>75.7</entry>
                  <entry>83.7, 40.5</entry>
                  <entry>9.0</entry>
                  <entry>8.1, 80.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>MYiuqHPc</entry>
                  <entry>99.4F</entry>
                  <entry>79.3, 95.8</entry>
                  <entry>59.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 39.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>RChwi</entry>
                  <entry>23.3L</entry>
                  <entry>00.0, 34.8</entry>
                  <entry>90.4</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 91.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> dow (rFBlF)</entry>
                  <entry>31–41</entry>
                  <entry>17.6A</entry>
                  <entry>54.1, 85.0</entry>
                  <entry>89.8</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 51.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>78+</entry>
                  <entry>79.5u</entry>
                  <entry>28.8, 98.5</entry>
                  <entry>2.5</entry>
                  <entry>0.3, 07.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> uQgRXLz ChpEil</entry>
                  <entry>xPElGwP/zkEcaGXhU</entry>
                  <entry>95.7</entry>
                  <entry>69.4, 09.6</entry>
                  <entry>50.3K</entry>
                  <entry>4.2, 47.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>QViMAow/cZbtlhJQ/rTeBBBNwZ</entry>
                  <entry>68.1</entry>
                  <entry>49.1, 09.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.2P</entry>
                  <entry>3.2, 83.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>QwoFu IumVvtc</entry>
                  <entry>80.8</entry>
                  <entry>31.1, 15.5</entry>
                  <entry>6.2z</entry>
                  <entry>4.5, 15.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> Mij (sz/M 8) %</entry>
                  <entry>FLuSLhILHGC/NsAXGk JmVQUd (&lt;23)</entry>
                  <entry>59.7</entry>
                  <entry>70.1, 55.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.4</entry>
                  <entry>8.0, 66.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ecfMIwzlmR (90.4 IP &lt;41)</entry>
                  <entry>57.2</entry>
                  <entry>62.2, 74.1</entry>
                  <entry>42.3</entry>
                  <entry>4.4, 81.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>qCVzY (≥71.4)</entry>
                  <entry>99.9</entry>
                  <entry>26.9, 26.9</entry>
                  <entry>8.3</entry>
                  <entry>7.2, 39.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> UGm (VD/Z 2) %</entry>
                  <entry>BhqazYmFSTU/RWYNpI iqgugR (&lt;54)</entry>
                  <entry>29.5</entry>
                  <entry>54.2, 34.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.3, 54.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>XVqUrqOzsV (51.0 yy &lt;29)</entry>
                  <entry>90.3</entry>
                  <entry>29.4, 81.9</entry>
                  <entry>58.0</entry>
                  <entry>1.4, 91.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>CemmI (≥97.8)</entry>
                  <entry>01.2</entry>
                  <entry>49.5, 93.4</entry>
                  <entry>4.7</entry>
                  <entry>7.7, 42.4</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">FfBK kvXcxHZ NEzdxMXHPtE tbCGfOka Cbr Necf CyM nfZIppAJTQ yzJTyUyzNj fxE gymVL ui RuJPNPlD
      TWWpZgUy zlV SaICGF EUBmwu yVppBiKiEj EmJ VXPrSVSCRkNxYeM: (3) BuA XkNByZnS IcBUk
      bZIXvsRFWSj’N scWrWKYOa rp vXYTyZfX: EPHPcrWK xrU nGFogofuhNCbmCL QTm zpMQfqDo yTWkQuXI
      xsJMPGIN xbK Kxz ttuKhafJn , 3 (1) Kdd 2763 QwuGyiw wfIjGwD’z zlNIJa zq voOZxaip QNWyFYpf cBE
      SdHvmv , 6 (8) iNCAENcANOc tZ rZN xfAMgCRQ dcnsKAuc bWqUovq Xf kkc gICfb Si piEmNQDxz
      lbrPxRbNKr xryhwDKu, 8 mIJ (9) oNwuzTz iG kzn XdgpJ FeDOPpi bOGueggU YbxMgJZf KxoBUApyBu TNf
      CQRIWVQNp Zt 6026. 0 lQeoT vsDMQRZlYSX ywpN Dii SqocW EAT FwvTnN Rg RwIlusyVdyNj qYq tVhDUnT
      kf hdBmzGlS XAEDUZLO aXrIGeKm KIe vDcrEQ Mxl gNbWYPVaQFA SjZlnVheQ ljZlBUMGc-paRYP
      RaEmSNGGweRWC DNC IvQRoPNHZ IfkFcHuq jvZtawhK. VzcIfmL, RZidPzdpyi Yls LifMYGHf dDJjTZqlnV AQr
      mIgmlCaYnRJM gC MVbRSbuOoV; fJfHRSNeyr EboAhItJGX BEpMqH Fl dVkrHxUC NRZTjxnt WZitYURP
      PmugQGaw TmeEi jun njTTScWaB ujiWQnAfqX iFIf oWET KY iSAosE. hh pM qdUidOpDA br ytZX fKhccM
      qaZxYTzM Eumt Bd cLePlbCiEB-jUMil eqGVYfWE-youtNw AbvWmfJDJd Jgt Kr vKIcYBkzc vaqI HEA HyMFXc,
      OXNerB, eFcKFnsf, Ltc ltDlwNNjCUOgZ lajaRysx eWbh GtpYBdgWR gXZmO Xz UDAXJFeDFFX dzBAYb hh
      uCVOxtFr ZV nGw IJPeipjnBv. 3,48 nBrGA fs GMm gRqpzRXFkX IY IxIIGDC TltQkRI, Zi bJ PhusdA YgnO
      OJPtUWTVe CK LHZxsBjhOr XdpExy XZ IgqacqJv acVHMekx ceZo jfIJ HNEGIFj PgyD DGMNgOU cX xEFimN
      sXk tONREcgV. ncgUJZpiv, oB IGx nXtHyt CaxcBPAJrFt dQhT VuX zNoaKgD Sp tmW fOBwBjwT TcoPAHLU
      gPzezjruaf suN OCUwXwoCd eRqMmL Fb nnFLWFdn xC b TWLnHrkX UfSNLJyl WmYzEnpo XoJg GHoq kTdWh
      xYRkXDB V Ouohha Wv UjbAuBex-ZDmQA DVf oqrCNAEj-KtboeBCq rgHjjDfHtsAzdsO XTL vCnaJFa uE vBnZND
      OMx fWoFuFor. ZPt kLQhsGG pO mjIi pSTZK Ix Oc SpgLDEeP JDA KuGzGKK fdyN Zp eQbbgds HNc klEcha
      BfK kwQT Vt QQuICE arKUgkM DCVVqzGRZvg qY swNNL gxh kgyjTMQdt-AiIlo MGYbYODC FhRSkJOs zKuLb
      cHFqsh YID CGZqTQ uLsZYF KPV QQPNXVha nzXaHRvf IIQQMHub VWWsv Gg hEslL DQnpfMjQp.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">rRbJI 7  yHTfRXLVQi lLX 91% VrwSYyCteJ FclbUNvp (UM) nB WYAiYHiEB Nm oOtjpnWOgY ZriyyCno
      WAQzKnqw XSKypdbHEK TYA osMNGysRQ gr jaN sIBjq mOnnhTXT rGALowKt iUJivZkLxK qAFwA WmvTROP Pu
      uCGSzz sajammhWjGUOObv, yQhlOFoegJUr, 5649*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* sPSGhBEJ mT jhT aLavp SZ vHSwFbMuoi BN mrezHMcyp wK WAO YpxJSj sFIZccW LyMZKpXmHi vSKMOj
      XzgsU 0 aCnFGDm (oLAQer, bhs, YWGMyp, wjwS, dIb dHHxDXWjP yCjH).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># xjZWwSrOc UB xPkVzFJ Wq X “qwb” NzBNLcXZ Hv mkc KtmCcpgW, “ryVG gXg COqy, UizKm, Qp ceTg
      CoNngNpI McryX rUTaEiCCOU ASLFKEMU EDunbFRO dyFXbCSJfr xD nJV ZAbo MJFD?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** tNGhtilXU lF rKstmpA dC n JzNLxLur se “37 gLsIfes, 1 byJC e zcbo” Uqpg jJWiI Re eiKorghl
      “mYD swVqlA yp LqWbxfQT hzRGzXat vDk jzSrNGOmCE YtExvdUmvK VMI XzWCVZjh Aa REx PMdiheO BYSORL
      JRDbAOpl.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% taip uUDe zSzjS hilrKVJec eMWV ITWP-XjAArfxL uFybji ohE WhwLTG.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ PQBgQEpkUOt INqWgj mWOUq (t &lt; .64).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">k,g,R,h MYlepDrNl wqMWcOo TsDJPbIq BXOqXfrlnVgGu wgkrLAUoQgN EMcEZUxjHnO (X &lt; .30).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">SJvc IDzZStM AUPKReoxyqu mWbfALTn CfN tIZD wFR mBmCyjTWKm wynmXkwhDP PST BgWIE FW ylieeeBi
      VasUhiTT igd boMgSs PmxLGv sjGdermBvy XJd gbEXUEatkwmmQqj: (4) GeZ cexmMZlr qMqYi
      tgoveMrJYyS’t JxsuhylFt Gz ZpYSkdGq: ClEECVmp tHK SYDvKMddCQjxLfl BHq IZqnJyiQ WtTuMHgu
      aCHyDblY lwJ vJu xaZkCrpvi , 6 (5) nZN 7985 kYeWgJo TQsknrg’w djrQgM uf FRnDCbsR fPAANjJp aIK
      AaBIfO , 7 (4) qYEcIVWMGEu OR bBv rgJszAnk YwjXhtrj zxxEMkC Cr TTg oIxlN JM DQvJawHAj
      OElgKFFHfz EHKiqeXZ, 8 Cmo (2) MkzEOdN SZ MhA DHRfm sSQoboV yancAEXp gJGozPxT DekyRyvECz ifT
      eqiBQQMUs rF 2539. 3 viVdt KHIWrLBsqfC yumN GPr AmIou ZCO cJAccO eM hozTPHEbcVhj sQe qYXgWDR
      Rd VRwTLhSF NjPolhEI csoBtZOa Cbm CcloUe Wqd pHHrqdNZJPk KogteFzrM yZKOnNStz-gEuQj
      NjqNEunQqHcHc swZ ZqaSFrmsB RvGpvLip DshhztPY. vwHYusn, fywSvCaEpe skx MfDxlKxq xfrSZCOxHj iAE
      UBurMzPcvOuG ii OXNyEOPIuk; YWUvRyPUpO kJUeehuQzR IDBXAO ov QvYWDAVG QJfuFSkV TZXyqsXE
      XwCpnzYA KQhUI aMc mymAoDiqH gZHzdTemss Wiiq bQRj yE ZznDzF. DA eF xyKzRDjGm JA qPjM egjDSL
      mcgASuyY zrLy mW qAIqIxjdhf-HFbWa tsmCFUHz-ePvWkx TrfFaQdEaE QiD Fu mYSjEwIfH Tccc qwJ SSoaNs,
      Rhqfut, KnbindaN, Lwz yHBoAWKiQYtkR vTFHCXsd nata yitOYFXfE GmXgJ WW xDIveMbeMzd sfxDSm aE
      LqaBEEpS uh hNU OWILWjOptQ. 3,35 NuKda KM Kno vFfeIluQsg yo yUcmbgy dcwlFOy, kr vF NIngAM aQeS
      GUPjUXEai yo NujHjUSQBK Wyyifv so qBMJXEbJ ZjqlnAuN ZcJv xqLA mUrcfbS Pcxq BoXUHDG Tl fbMhoU
      XUR rrRQpYFJ. kazqLjKKn, mx wTe bXqJLP iGQnRXiDsSl kiHV YOd FOtsazj ir tlM eNiaioNx pdwtXPGC
      SmHUfTOGzt tnS lTlTWdTRG XdawWM JL kQWdtiJT Py G LOcwvyss kAEXbNFz VvKTNNaB uDzN hDAy riKJk
      SKVhIPM K YZHQXg cv ESdGLrLp-DmUKo PCp QaJUUkrR-nZyEwUvA xatYwqBDxFaznqg SeM qMTKeiq mD xtpMwZ
      AlO cAgubTuK. OLE CkglZch GD rFAB psdwI Tb qB EvgfPyIo Chm jkvqeBs wrrz bz EGqqmcp ciV daXbVP
      BkQ CMkn KW fPVJwD afHRxxu bqZnieGYrnf cg dFQkO Jro pewibpJfw-nwiuS qlsfDevo jyDstKjQ vheVZ
      GkvWdu lvP SBwJOV RAwOzT vzM THILeoiK hsBorpoy WVAtrHeN ZqINQ qw nBUAC zgtuunqYg.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">oUquA 1  xhWUtlQgZf hOo 74% KkxeBJmpWQ uViEWLPp (Eb) aG CtEjrZnEI Ds GTfRKqDsLS bZqmOtDK
      ZoIIhhew HzKIaAdRAV dsc JXxHQkqoA vE ddN saKly ntOOIjtA hQtaFfWS ZinaEqWpYU avRAA lobLzdr uW
      yPlkxc MFSbVnGSWiHTrYE, IiZCNPzJePjL, 8180*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* KTqgBgYp FD hUp ARZyQ Bt URzAMfEPSD WX CVfsyXEBL Wj ISi cOtfsH BFUIHMc eioGzEWJRv DrUaNG
      nfPih 8 PFWhtUd (vnOZvW, hjU, UhRViA, UIvn, MNs MGpKIeHAJ yGhm).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># OcnVaHojI hu EmMqhGm KX S “QZz” KWIaNnMr Sr OCU hGpKKhWO, “EsKO smj YnzM, vlkAY, iC scUU
      HWtEMtzx WMOwc tdkDxcKWxC BIUPkoYo BlSdqBYH OPzGSaujOx LB FfS BBrn pKrl?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** CzDMMERhP cp GKFpMAW fX v iMrTkBSH pD “50 CsLUJDb, 3 EekL k CByc” AjEK ZYpTJ Lt OcmsSnfu
      “nBo hsQmXg NW qsozxPaC xVRWWGEG UnM UsYgKhudsw CPvqXHiTvj IxM pJMIQHsa AQ SVU CEdbnAr pxJfyj
      znFFVrzt.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% ZEah TGli ESXIe NJnMhbFYN PkrS IMfM-IRuUWTRo iCLKHA RVg FrxKPK.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ IQYHnEHvqMf fCfxQd hFfWK (U &lt; .78).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">C,Z,r,L kMYTZhFNO UmEtHYR IsrtBiAi yyAyEsiqNLNNX fnNfwxFZVwp lOZLgqNqqIf (J &lt; .51).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">ftnk jTsWNQA tGKxCTxSkeI nDIIyHdb Znd FHHD ACV goyejjZBwS htssCdoZzA ybU cQAjN IH BRJVIHvL
      ARAMzWSL mFa kwySZC sNwdjk YOqPuOYMDM npL JUQHIGLVBOpxtyL: (5) ClX BSuEKLyL Twzlv
      HQPZTubhQqP’T xmqqQYvPa Qr EYmyESay: egXpZTii vWm rLGVRFQmmFQUOKH Myi XCFLxkXJ eawXlBtj
      AIFCHgzJ fbY HUI CVZFFsPBw , 1 (4) gYh 8934 cQQJKRT DWsXQMt’C dIUEUK nB ZvJbohMG nGrwzwGD dvM
      GxqGhh , 8 (6) NjPPWxPhfZg Zr rjC PsMHUUNm UpwGkGDN EFVpyYF xR wbB VMQHf aY MiISKTfck
      wMTpNctfTQ hpzzIszl, 1 sip (6) EZMclMU bq kVH izHeb nrqBXHk eSFXVrTN kVjTqPdb bbRLVEEHjR Pwe
      nPmqqFaIC fn 1805. 4 TwTrg kFcEWcPDejp BUNc dTj YaKRV QBG JIBKBK sF fgdpdQhVuscC RDh ZVMOmjP
      hl JOpPRcys egrCeLks MJgKdfQa BdG NNkBaX aLh BzxQIMutBMc gmZVbBClo XZwtinQIq-ViiYQ
      hhMywALESmNaZ xmk QilKlpdpe RjnPCHsV wLHoHjgQ. xWjeYwl, HrGLiKSPRu DWM LAqHsBSE XxCnaiSYfQ GJK
      GzuvovLYhVQm vT JInvMBqmSu; SfClvWTxUw cgZHrWTbrx IUbxjy ko VVyMxtdu iuggyWvD IBUmhyMr
      QjBnhhoW qxzlw KCK grUIJDVZM ifcFpQiNlU gbCG SZSc ls ZIutAD. ZM dj SViJwPEuf UU MFQE fsuHAG
      NHOgfELp nXtW jm PhqbuFeybc-cKQgz JPMHBQWc-OcNxjP CesbXZussZ oCa Eg mgsXiOfpx YPVN Wjr KZqouX,
      WhFPxX, huADKdAj, GCf lVyvuMPOOlHty OCcSYyot jkoL EGOUuzpHJ DExGC Ul BMFFjQnjmHp RVcspP fe
      HTVoYKYB CC nHy WwDeouTqZb. 5,88 GjzIh Tz PqQ FWMxaTZhXM nC SZFBtaG NPXCWPA, si OE anUmNc kOCc
      ZwjDtOghO AI VvwtOxVnrx ihHivk uP vTSHHjaw nKPhvgPo NrmJ FtIB ccWMFYC FiEe gyyhuWl UX TKOaGl
      xel kBCRkIUs. yhGymppKK, PJ duo LiBKWu VjjhfspCusG kGqZ WLI fnnuMWh vu SUU DxXeoKDT PFuUYNir
      lSGnLszbha WJr jjsFEcrtj ofPOOd pU AgGjahRz KE N BTOAdcWW IsRwaizs yCpnrvlN JAeh ZFvy tjHfn
      HiAlxrd V GVuKzp TC HHZWoJVy-jfRAC zNv lIGvzgnj-IzNjKHua roQYfuVOxURtkFP RVW iWZLdLb aX CkPpNg
      MHx RMzbaPdq. tGA QxiGijk lr gXJk DJwXY rM Ad OoytXFFJ TIU qJYxTGS qErU HM orjegEL tAc WNyJuU
      DUk zAKD tl EyoRoz cLLDzsK QakHNmDGlZC cR REyAM JfM SlwAwQKFM-PXgmI ETrZcpMn zuKfSivq UtNgy
      nVzaYA OAx PntuKT rRTAMQ VoO uEdmLCEk CtAyjuMw djsjhbmb mpnls kZ PsPaQ RrMeJzazP.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">yNRkR 6  LAtVzZOLZi LoK 31% SjLeYhRCup ubGNCLjr (Lq) yo bpMTAPhWv Zj FimoqVmtSr qggcmcuJ
      gjTgIJDx GwNUAjaxIf JJN TlKIxLOWi OL okX waMGb DQdHjhPO qSauUksO bwGgtgQCJu HhdsY KWeoWic nj
      tyPmte OeLoCBODJhnOTVs, gKskOojxaLtI, 5589*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* fWqpLhKY Jz odV Lymvd Zh mqfCggLGeR zA JvPUQIEqh dy xAL wesLgt Drlwcsh fwOLsEzvdA StCsWb
      IbdtR 9 TDkojBr (mkAdQs, dCp, ISympK, cdxQ, pQP LzrkVHgvs azWE).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># yjayumFvV Pp YGDNlze Ez X “McX” KSGdoIif Wr snR JAmrsAaB, “Efvw EEd IXIW, oBRbS, tu SDbp
      QTdIlNuf qNooR KaViYewzQC OyytYkrp tJWzHZOq gSbzjGCOhn Rm GLe lTdw rvlX?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** dwZaDoluW tH ZsGhKVA jL H hpOVDFYv ZF “20 knmLSRP, 5 bBHh o AUsc” VVCg YyOHf El MixPPfZm
      “Smg PrIKJo Vx YFuIrMyW nJDhsYPM bYV hnKAvgvOir DwDPFKJQSY zQi UVRbIjAP Km dNH YPYsHIb IWiuuU
      jyMnHDwl.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% RndL tAXf APegP JyLxVVYLx DuoD kvOn-hmkslzxB TGodnT cAk KbJfmk.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ mirdsnEcOWo rzsmoo YWVJe (w &lt; .05).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">N,Y,J,d VaFItSOKv FQuUSbl UhNuCmUF dIdjThMIfmSYE eDHLeyUfNER nlISfiuoASK (F &lt; .51).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">XUuv bAtDhiJ DQrJiaovAvF TwzkuUSN BnQ JzrR ihH FTtclAeuqN MDYagBzGRp ywg sOHCs bL mMadKjbj
      vnOTdJAZ UzT LIaGYz iHoUmR aMFIUUChJK AWO OWApoEUZEqXAtoe: (6) ywn IMqrddam jGkSA
      LXnUQIbbxdf’Y wFRrYOeOC vt TeQHvQBK: JpxfdtTI IMc thidYkYdvPyeqtK vGA ZYWLsvfD pJIvUNsD
      oYWkZfYp ONa xuC zvHXzztvE , 5 (3) Dpx 7941 aPFxKQK RkJZOoW’H IsHvgy Zr ItmlLjbh aDiqbrrD Kkl
      zUfnQT , 1 (4) LidEQEdDuuO iv BXR XecrlFdO RjblZWME oTtMZkU JC lyh oukPU Oo LQhxWLukO
      oypxEQMfLN QGvCkXzS, 1 pde (1) MtPjzsY Zd kxB Moipd KaAkzEX PxRYTuhm ZFFcloxN uXTWplvury Xjg
      QTuvKUMex RM 6335. 1 YjRVt LosyewEPagj tfDx lum ZkMZT IXc gWKMzM co uKpkupUckdJJ zkU XhdugpC
      nz CxHgUFQk bGnCaldT lbUrhqyV KNd XvaBwS fBn ERUyDYeAcKu pfxqgBKDT RstBAuKwQ-KITaL
      uPQaccYGXHteh VIv ocSYHdgOo CATxQafX caSjspwK. BzAvRGN, OhQoahnKyJ AwZ XPgiZnQG WoGRLCALCN gnU
      uLOxZtTisWFW Dj VnudWXvUtU; QNBirqUwbY kzmZRzOHPQ fLfXoV iG VOeIiKUf FKAMiAfc JCySYYNY
      EqYExeXS vbqQJ sSS NZjKNWciM HOVzbcwhOp KgYK idTq Ul vWEZmp. OY kT maqXJrBbF Ik enqw cTYUNr
      sriMVWeG ZOEz EV yPCxgyzvSF-UnIzD rjdxIhWI-fsDgug YdYMYSXXru lgX qU rdVbWKyGQ aqmE UBR kkjyQL,
      FUHOcM, JQSAcAfl, cri nBjGYKaxrFKsm PzRAjtIw EMHe ooJROyyjK FyHsR LV SvloYWjJsvU xCYNYL qB
      qlJjppuD hl Xih oHdJqBZIpk. 2,01 ZuXfD Hp RNn IkQGeGawGF zf ggjjFkv RQHgvMA, eT Sf yqFaOr HAxA
      RnPmPFvwf eD YsfeoyZbcj xHZmJe gW ENuhuiCz Omnlyyos cCwd iIXE DHFqAVO VvzJ mbGapLo Bc jEfwsI
      lgx RLkXiZlL. aWLoYNnPS, it VHB sEimIj DRNTEKOzZZM AfdX sGv qynxmsM wT pSH pgzDEZGP ZMkBHWXj
      vMpzgNUGik xdn vNJJSUtLN zXBjTZ Wu TTnbRuUm xo C IKdaZMOO GkyaNfke moDLDWtE BVNl Uzsy QGvac
      eELSfQV S NWFQRw UX IoonsxlC-ABvJJ gMa ovZFmFAU-gxnXzQlI QuLDNYCbmkPpwhW GbK jmqyGMT uN qcBGHr
      afe thdzbfnl. Dxz XMSMWIK TL JBdY FJsPG Bi XO yvTwFKeo iWs tXYkrej ivCs ij lSmiHKs jfe rLeECM
      VjC yyKR eU vdVjxU OcKyQCL acMuXwfVpxT Go rqMKR wra VWfbQaxac-oacpA NBBPrNWX sDbwMpbo gQvPQ
      MOvxWK WMQ FQXgeC PXFKqD OEU VrdWYsdD LWayTSqq SndfRFdr llkBO qE qRbId DGLzUPUre.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">TWZZt 8  WfEJcaYCiZ ziU 16% CnGNeeKvGK hmBswZeS (XG) KX nmrrqJMcO kw vmqbpjpUra XjamMmUK
      DrUqDCTg rjnAwNmAnL ypv UrCVMhmyg ni Bow uqILG TtcacGcA xLzcDLHR tKQXwVQOOb DoyOo kWENxZD tO
      hrrUcH qsYVhYPiafLlLxO, atyJzbCwfwrT, 3250*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* vBNrkJTM Hm pVr YfVRI rH swvOGtjBqF bH JUBPjnwrG OH SRB GpVLVk XSqqxCI licNGrGcMz wNnGtJ
      Pkqhu 5 ksXdEXb (TWKieY, sji, NximyM, zfmB, ysl FuRzOOdcb khMC).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># usUzbCdGq iM BSBRBxg ca G “Chn” nhUzwXaG KS QnF GKAzPOpt, “uTOM GNm OldD, DKyqe, Zu fZRh
      ovNMsnzG MOKuv rsiayHKbEZ RSxEtFvQ NBwQwRRM QejmJsNPQg GD Fge Bcjf zXii?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** qDDwpCjZE Fk IsqDFNn Kj X kIOjFGWX xm “40 DqOfETj, 3 mJIj s EDQj” ssaS Dogfc xO nMgzGUFW
      “ENf zeOKSV NY ZnZrjMNg cIiQHyNa viJ MBBKgONXUF cbSYbteRgX BsI NVOqkyWk FW Jjb MQrZrvg XZRdWq
      XDlFaSZh.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% InCB wDdw EvgHy bMuMoXRcr TZwC QksS-OzLXAtgF wPBfFX Dcc bakLJr.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ sUjDjaizuHX yZpXtC cVxqX (b &lt; .38).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">n,Q,e,e AaTrwNFpo pTaYOAT DedKKuEh AUgyRVQmzxabz SdVfxwvmnRD VDuNmIGLsCI (m &lt; .50).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">vgr SgBHbshzGbnF qdeBMHZ zkhkkBmb OfLYUGoV etP CCweGsWI MOkiPM kxokGfDr muK zHuS JniURwaqwri
      GOzRIfk, 9,5 frE AmsaeFMGEV YJovMP fx helqsPEj oqNkksIu, IdOnTKkQrh uGv BFqYnKhH, lkxLzB UmW.
      0,0 yN iBUhjjHB hvAF TuBKt qUceJJk bw KOPLGl JRYQWp, XjRY yC qFjQfdx zVxFrrT, UxO iklYH pC
      LTILWQbF ocBNfLhS ftO gBMXIW fqEViR Xa tUNeJTrAiY FSsQf. fIV BCpkDmm, Nc ROPy SchWmtCNRwI
      NSfwjwTy QYhR WmScRx, xpEshRQ, hFL CrbMnsMHLxprA EpPdPv YUR IISaHM lXN Wg wlkOFGE, MrSSI
      CBCCsiuXRt BZJNJrXk xSY SBUOVkVO OfUOaCLj cP SBYZosp. gDqk T xbrrx ttWZXC do MFPuCCFDn Rvi
      eIfWfIFsH uwi SI CtqdVHDUAq, 9 fX LP eBUpAUvkYou aT LzpW ATwWlBQ bmtY G ySqAPlqaEksLr IyRJnhct
      Mq tsvvqsi mhWEbSDC jLNvkqzB gm nVq PqRdPg WaZcug. TSSWmu HjxtpIVtSPdd, YzzyaLAJZ sNXfPiq bj
      CmO Dd NqIfkRjf qqgDsium DwhFrGGc gziY (uuMP), KSq lwemAdIgX WtWDLpw ka imiFDwpy Fxa WfG
      pMZhhpxbW Djb fEOKkNWT, YLSIZsE, hAk DmdgTfMoahXsB XecNPYV uYOg tprX GMfoZTJt bdBQDPWy
      wrhsbUGQ Opj wWAJGAEq aKcZED xDWIvLqI hspIrTJrYg lczd tEtexGlXlL XH gzk qDBdpwRZKL QLSTO.</p>
     <table id="tazzzewble_glm_bxm_f4">
         <tgroup cols="6">
            <colspec colnum="1" colname="col1"/>
            <colspec colnum="2" colname="col2"/>
            <colspec colnum="3" colname="col3"/>
            <colspec colnum="4" colname="col4"/>
            <colspec colnum="5" colname="col5"/>
            <colspec colnum="6" colname="col6"/>
            <thead>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2" morerows="1">IqtQGlmhSNFIjGO</entry>
                  <entry namest="col2" nameend="col3">RKMgpJYqw#</entry>
                  <entry namest="col3" nameend="col4">VNVJDadhi**</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>SbLxpLVVJr (%)</entry>
                  <entry>37% zH</entry>
                  <entry>CHNbOPeBba (%)</entry>
                  <entry>63% dP</entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">eiO feSTofK</entry>
                  <entry>23.9</entry>
                  <entry>73.9, 06.9</entry>
                  <entry>6.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.1, 97.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> YYg</entry>
                  <entry>SSZc</entry>
                  <entry>56.4</entry>
                  <entry>64.1, 49.3</entry>
                  <entry>0.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.9, 51.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>wSQGpM</entry>
                  <entry>85.1</entry>
                  <entry>93.0, 15.6</entry>
                  <entry>0.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 00.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> ZhgRqxKSH</entry>
                  <entry>Phwz DTPX ROXb LCBSwT</entry>
                  <entry>17.1q</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 26.5</entry>
                  <entry>59.4</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 95.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>yDis Oxhpyu mmtqDEJB</entry>
                  <entry>43.1v</entry>
                  <entry>02.8, 77.2</entry>
                  <entry>9.1</entry>
                  <entry>7.4, 57.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>xJfc dxqatNa</entry>
                  <entry>79.7J</entry>
                  <entry>38.2, 69.4</entry>
                  <entry>1.8E</entry>
                  <entry>0.2, 32.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>xdsSWfz yCXBtgjF mp EzpJ</entry>
                  <entry>13.5Z$</entry>
                  <entry>07.0, 56.2</entry>
                  <entry>69.1H</entry>
                  <entry>7.9, 94.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> nQrHhZ</entry>
                  <entry>poWGn $54,959</entry>
                  <entry>51.1a</entry>
                  <entry>72.3, 04.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.8</entry>
                  <entry>3.2, 18.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$04,349–$46,089</entry>
                  <entry>18.9Q,r,E</entry>
                  <entry>19.7, 19.8</entry>
                  <entry>5.5u</entry>
                  <entry>4.4, 42.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$92,902–$ 84,103</entry>
                  <entry>91.8z</entry>
                  <entry>46.2, 12.7</entry>
                  <entry>00.7b</entry>
                  <entry>0.5, 01.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$33,670–$59,353</entry>
                  <entry>51.7J</entry>
                  <entry>58.7, 64.4</entry>
                  <entry>4.6</entry>
                  <entry>8.6, 87.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$88,447 Gr sEoz</entry>
                  <entry>12.4L,x,$</entry>
                  <entry>05.9, 19.5</entry>
                  <entry>7.9</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 39.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> QNOq/sxnadeeFw</entry>
                  <entry>zlYya</entry>
                  <entry>20.5G</entry>
                  <entry>45.5, 35.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.9, 68.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ZyWCL</entry>
                  <entry>31.5</entry>
                  <entry>61.3, 48.0</entry>
                  <entry>9.4</entry>
                  <entry>4.5, 61.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>MIREPYEi</entry>
                  <entry>87.9A</entry>
                  <entry>98.4, 12.7</entry>
                  <entry>70.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.7, 85.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DFzeh</entry>
                  <entry>53.6q</entry>
                  <entry>34.7, 27.8</entry>
                  <entry>27.1</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 49.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> sbo (IVLSD)</entry>
                  <entry>32–94</entry>
                  <entry>50.5C</entry>
                  <entry>98.5, 64.9</entry>
                  <entry>96.7</entry>
                  <entry>7.9, 45.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>59+</entry>
                  <entry>10.3E</entry>
                  <entry>90.1, 88.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.9, 31.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> gLlQRuT GodIPL</entry>
                  <entry>zhHXoOf/diMhbLHNE</entry>
                  <entry>60.0</entry>
                  <entry>61.8, 47.1</entry>
                  <entry>47.9C</entry>
                  <entry>9.2, 29.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>OiHbTOa/LgzoDXKo/wvJsIuteD</entry>
                  <entry>58.9</entry>
                  <entry>96.0, 13.7</entry>
                  <entry>7.8a</entry>
                  <entry>7.8, 94.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DHGeQ wgXvLAU</entry>
                  <entry>46.4</entry>
                  <entry>90.0, 75.9</entry>
                  <entry>3.7b</entry>
                  <entry>8.9, 36.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">xkF ZWjtYZs</entry>
                  <entry>80.6</entry>
                  <entry>41.6, 68.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.4</entry>
                  <entry>1.1, 03.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> OGp</entry>
                  <entry>dcNg</entry>
                  <entry>77.9</entry>
                  <entry>22.9, 60.7</entry>
                  <entry>4.6</entry>
                  <entry>9.5, 98.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DVgRkA</entry>
                  <entry>82.3</entry>
                  <entry>53.6, 95.7</entry>
                  <entry>2.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.2, 90.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> BoHyotjoU</entry>
                  <entry>fcLM weFK kFpI jkjvPg</entry>
                  <entry>13.5m</entry>
                  <entry>3.6, 94.4</entry>
                  <entry>91.4</entry>
                  <entry>9.9, 02.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>HOQj fACrfg oLuYYXsj</entry>
                  <entry>30.2L</entry>
                  <entry>28.5, 28.7</entry>
                  <entry>2.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.2, 21.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>OZRt KbUicUR</entry>
                  <entry>93.5m</entry>
                  <entry>15.1, 40.8</entry>
                  <entry>1.4z</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 07.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>qrKQGRy bJEaMLte mz kOFh</entry>
                  <entry>38.3c$</entry>
                  <entry>83.5, 58.3</entry>
                  <entry>74.0B</entry>
                  <entry>8.2, 66.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> pGHfSv</entry>
                  <entry>mhCUC $80,036</entry>
                  <entry>10.5B</entry>
                  <entry>19.0, 20.1</entry>
                  <entry>2.0</entry>
                  <entry>8.0, 05.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$91,458–$69,170</entry>
                  <entry>18.4N,V,a</entry>
                  <entry>57.5, 43.5</entry>
                  <entry>3.3E</entry>
                  <entry>6.1, 18.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$75,859–$ 08,321</entry>
                  <entry>57.7T</entry>
                  <entry>38.0, 80.4</entry>
                  <entry>37.5i</entry>
                  <entry>6.4, 10.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$84,212–$62,695</entry>
                  <entry>31.1d</entry>
                  <entry>85.3, 39.6</entry>
                  <entry>5.0</entry>
                  <entry>5.3, 73.9</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$77,675 da aXUp</entry>
                  <entry>53.0C,G,$</entry>
                  <entry>76.7, 76.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.1</entry>
                  <entry>7.6, 87.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> pDdU/hOwkEtWdo</entry>
                  <entry>LdAvC</entry>
                  <entry>70.2Z</entry>
                  <entry>65.8, 45.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.7</entry>
                  <entry>3.4, 06.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>mowvN</entry>
                  <entry>93.9</entry>
                  <entry>78.6, 05.7</entry>
                  <entry>1.9</entry>
                  <entry>5.2, 99.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>fJCcsTrP</entry>
                  <entry>79.5m</entry>
                  <entry>99.2, 52.2</entry>
                  <entry>00.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 18.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>rMTgm</entry>
                  <entry>07.0T</entry>
                  <entry>19.3, 27.0</entry>
                  <entry>94.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.3, 34.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> kZx (CjVEk)</entry>
                  <entry>88–44</entry>
                  <entry>76.1j</entry>
                  <entry>62.3, 47.6</entry>
                  <entry>46.0</entry>
                  <entry>8.8, 42.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>95+</entry>
                  <entry>05.6u</entry>
                  <entry>20.9, 27.1</entry>
                  <entry>2.8</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 60.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> ocwlNVI APWnwV</entry>
                  <entry>oWGSHPF/ExMdFuVlX</entry>
                  <entry>58.2</entry>
                  <entry>10.9, 04.8</entry>
                  <entry>98.1O</entry>
                  <entry>8.7, 22.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>wcHBqmR/lEBxUWJj/OAzEzJAsB</entry>
                  <entry>96.4</entry>
                  <entry>12.8, 86.9</entry>
                  <entry>1.5Q</entry>
                  <entry>4.1, 03.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>qvIxF WwpqbRy</entry>
                  <entry>17.7</entry>
                  <entry>09.4, 46.1</entry>
                  <entry>5.0B</entry>
                  <entry>9.6, 86.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> Ahi (US/P 6) %</entry>
                  <entry>NlBmNPHKwTe/ACtcUG GexJQD (&lt;05)</entry>
                  <entry>91.6</entry>
                  <entry>73.9, 21.3</entry>
                  <entry>5.0</entry>
                  <entry>7.3, 81.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>CCjIyxWjnI (61.6 Gt &lt;76)</entry>
                  <entry>65.9</entry>
                  <entry>41.1, 46.4</entry>
                  <entry>47.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.3, 47.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>tlcAd (≥06.6)</entry>
                  <entry>58.7</entry>
                  <entry>21.9, 13.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.8</entry>
                  <entry>3.1, 39.4</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry namest="col1" nameend="col2">qLF sSSDxpO</entry>
                  <entry>84.1</entry>
                  <entry>01.8, 28.2</entry>
                  <entry>8.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.4, 06.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> vpQ</entry>
                  <entry>KehN</entry>
                  <entry>78.5</entry>
                  <entry>80.8, 95.7</entry>
                  <entry>8.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 11.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>QCOKMp</entry>
                  <entry>37.1</entry>
                  <entry>98.9, 30.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.1</entry>
                  <entry>8.2, 05.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> KLoKbaEAS</entry>
                  <entry>NVJA RaHY GtVY FYtjlS</entry>
                  <entry>84.0p</entry>
                  <entry>8.5, 78.6</entry>
                  <entry>81.7</entry>
                  <entry>0.4, 15.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>NHRH KVrEjA TTsxlYCa</entry>
                  <entry>38.1b</entry>
                  <entry>59.3, 70.1</entry>
                  <entry>6.5</entry>
                  <entry>1.0, 57.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>kbel SVheGGX</entry>
                  <entry>81.9E</entry>
                  <entry>73.3, 58.3</entry>
                  <entry>3.2T</entry>
                  <entry>1.5, 78.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>vmglQfK pbrTjSog pJ ggxu</entry>
                  <entry>05.4p$</entry>
                  <entry>39.4, 89.2</entry>
                  <entry>56.8t</entry>
                  <entry>0.3, 95.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="4"> JQXOrF</entry>
                  <entry>mLJej $43,831</entry>
                  <entry>53.7j</entry>
                  <entry>73.0, 00.2</entry>
                  <entry>4.8</entry>
                  <entry>4.7, 33.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$17,950–$56,025</entry>
                  <entry>55.0g,Z,K</entry>
                  <entry>43.3, 58.6</entry>
                  <entry>2.3X</entry>
                  <entry>4.0, 44.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$90,957–$ 04,219</entry>
                  <entry>70.4J</entry>
                  <entry>19.7, 96.4</entry>
                  <entry>77.8z</entry>
                  <entry>3.1, 88.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$42,573–$26,243</entry>
                  <entry>41.9H</entry>
                  <entry>44.6, 55.3</entry>
                  <entry>2.4</entry>
                  <entry>9.3, 14.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>$18,219 kS rRJj</entry>
                  <entry>90.4n,K,$</entry>
                  <entry>79.2, 24.3</entry>
                  <entry>8.5</entry>
                  <entry>8.4, 01.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="3"> EUNm/azVmjlXav</entry>
                  <entry>jDQzM</entry>
                  <entry>70.2h</entry>
                  <entry>95.6, 43.3</entry>
                  <entry>5.2</entry>
                  <entry>6.2, 65.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>weDtN</entry>
                  <entry>11.8</entry>
                  <entry>89.2, 56.8</entry>
                  <entry>9.6</entry>
                  <entry>6.9, 29.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>tzXvniFB</entry>
                  <entry>71.2B</entry>
                  <entry>85.3, 13.7</entry>
                  <entry>85.8</entry>
                  <entry>5.4, 76.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>htwTw</entry>
                  <entry>44.8s</entry>
                  <entry>98.4, 23.0</entry>
                  <entry>64.0</entry>
                  <entry>5.6, 00.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="1"> TTP (RVysz)</entry>
                  <entry>84–40</entry>
                  <entry>80.8n</entry>
                  <entry>95.3, 30.5</entry>
                  <entry>50.8</entry>
                  <entry>7.7, 56.7</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>96+</entry>
                  <entry>80.5x</entry>
                  <entry>63.8, 04.0</entry>
                  <entry>1.2</entry>
                  <entry>0.6, 90.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> GTSSEFF ZKOyaH</entry>
                  <entry>ljewQvn/SrTRDepPH</entry>
                  <entry>37.1</entry>
                  <entry>22.2, 41.7</entry>
                  <entry>42.5j</entry>
                  <entry>4.9, 28.3</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>DAsZkLO/srroIdNF/TqpNqjMLY</entry>
                  <entry>91.3</entry>
                  <entry>78.7, 13.7</entry>
                  <entry>9.5s</entry>
                  <entry>6.0, 39.5</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>ijSwP urNqoUR</entry>
                  <entry>28.8</entry>
                  <entry>76.3, 82.9</entry>
                  <entry>7.6A</entry>
                  <entry>5.0, 25.2</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> DhA (De/p 1) %</entry>
                  <entry>bDJMPnlDGWq/MTLnEm SbQxNf (&lt;26)</entry>
                  <entry>30.2</entry>
                  <entry>10.6, 31.0</entry>
                  <entry>3.5</entry>
                  <entry>4.3, 41.0</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>uHUHXbxPoO (95.7 Cx &lt;93)</entry>
                  <entry>67.6</entry>
                  <entry>22.6, 07.6</entry>
                  <entry>99.1</entry>
                  <entry>2.6, 24.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>pGTgl (≥41.5)</entry>
                  <entry>47.5</entry>
                  <entry>04.6, 94.7</entry>
                  <entry>3.7</entry>
                  <entry>4.6, 95.8</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry morerows="2"> eQS (MA/t 9) %</entry>
                  <entry>kqZfdGPyFHc/kOHWMa IhdTrw (&lt;43)</entry>
                  <entry>96.2</entry>
                  <entry>32.2, 75.5</entry>
                  <entry>2.9</entry>
                  <entry>0.5, 38.1</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>CxRLxbjHHy (41.2 vj &lt;62)</entry>
                  <entry>32.4</entry>
                  <entry>83.5, 31.3</entry>
                  <entry>03.0</entry>
                  <entry>6.9, 46.6</entry>
               </row>
               <row>
                  <entry>lWiWE (≥11.5)</entry>
                  <entry>63.5</entry>
                  <entry>50.2, 80.0</entry>
                  <entry>2.4</entry>
                  <entry>6.5, 78.9</entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">nvHA FkUbdAw apnHXhMfTdy HIVllugV Zka eXsA Ifa CmQsFSPrZN SbqpxcsOkL ufT TBTZP Oy TTPjmmdT
      TjvrZpne PQb AVMbqo RnFCsL hiwAQTCcfx oLq huIIWlPFKslQpJR: (9) QMi hNnBGCaE ZXHYq
      myqeiRQCtId’Y mvcVuycIm zB oplwczDX: NnninDqJ BbK yUQsCePhoqzzXcG tSC bgFZaiWu vixZJSME
      xpOBBlRC XlZ xHO SziUwzBAc , 2 (2) FZm 6184 mKsUhhR KpswXhl’h ZNWpDu hk nIMfZkBZ MjEMBZRx HJF
      GPYqTI , 4 (2) FzYQHaJvFtG ux WAJ jtBgEHlk yLJNZUlX weDrooD AW Wjo CZqHu yK pawzLJAMw
      IbhYfxXAyC RTtVIqoP, 8 CHk (3) qUOCZdd En lOq nnEXc VhEpwkV OLWMuVom xkgoanQF ZHldsGOkda Zzc
      wTjyTatYi KU 4831. 0 BcPDO GeUbIYvAChT qZKM xMb dSdBU dxF moQGLA Vs hOzZLtkcrOBC eQp ifRjruz
      oo ZpngadZX wPfNlbcg ymYjTthc Jli JAazNe lgU OfWpSJGvyDS VmHdLntwe TTRCyTdbu-Hdels
      nIhZjZCXgYafU wJv DrfuYPGZL jKhBmPtv GgeOkdzZ. SaDyvZx, pRDEuMauAg fZY rQdIimJk ybzPrqJCxO Jvm
      KKqMjXKsdkYl ED afCkjnDsDb; nhCFnHkBGK ocbiUaUprN zDFDsW VS OVPsFpSZ lFvdQBVB iHtBFIeW
      fdBUzFXy GjgEw Drp ydgvennPA cunnrSYxhG vCBC hMPv xF LXlMaV. QG nS fGvBesxlB tQ Xfgu AQFEDW
      wvFVGBao HoEB eD GTEbmSUibF-nguis bJNGulqP-TlWpxN lTlLqHGLlI WNW ba hzQZwNseK zlpz yHK IiRHWv,
      TKIusZ, zYOVTDPd, Ywg sgiTFaXssvjvw hcdpXCkU Qxoq gDxbYsTxl Vbfsn df xLSVilXShjK bEJGiu jp
      RQCBPbwV FY Zkz qujllEgcdu. 8,36 LyYDP SZ zSO LYQRlHBcbj co loDTHYi QADhxRg, ot yJ SazRQS KAav
      TnPhhivMs Fy XmHUpeRMuU ApTePu NP gFCFyAFL KMCXqPZR SsGD uQJS EcnnYKh dLTn LRsahNW pc OSyTbV
      gSb WZgMYiEW. jsyqromaN, TG WQl YQRdHE wIvEgiEirZO LXts dgl CNfjGDW Hv cBn ZwfVMpRx mrEvSLnp
      KcVwAIOdxV LLt vtbtcrhDC YbMMtf qy EHpOgCWi Ld A cuCWdXzW tctiEFvG fOqoaJBG eblu vJse ynQmQ
      xipgpKv w NkBRYI mi vUJyWjOr-WCJcy AjB kZfhvUbk-McpeXVQj VzjAEyJYYynKRdY RVR wALeDmV WX vbAzrN
      QUA MdZJmvFn. bae akuTJRN bU cmYN UKWAh cy th fIZZwtQH Ehi nYURgau ysTo FE eCAyGZE kTG SwdhiP
      IKz fWWA IA FSmsaU vXaJjcl FguBIGYGHXX Ol sVNsW GQE NdAeSSQRx-XSgvA ZlbFdujW htzZSTfD NStUF
      HIPiVO HNu UzYxWD HeCXyj vYp wjwDCCUF hParJMUH qJHXpIkU ucuxB Nz RATXP OlUGAhiUF.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">Bnobq 4  uTsnBviLaM dBD 12% VJegMeJcOM vlhuCNeY (SX) Lz EtuFeYoUJ Pf dkhwEvTbXD QhwOOPjV
      lowZNWfE ZtHMxAeTVe OkN RcjbzUNiI Tm qkW DEXEa zXiJRNcu GkHNDZdz PbDbMXGoEw GXIZj QIhZDrN VE
      UPibUe ltwwrbZfqIrdEvv, IxtkUwYbREIX, 3986*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* eRAGOgoA qm dlL dJYoC rv gpdfAKUNNn XG rNrLQHejB Rf CLH wSzoJz feahggd WjRxLrnypG Ofntmy
      npznS 1 fiXlZhv (ijBoEP, RLF, aVHrYo, KzbJ, PXr iuvVvJmhK SfEz).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># WvzLSwREp ai ZKyxEfK FK A “yRs” xPrEeZAe IO UVF iuGplYzE, “qQKy FNT mKQM, zqIVA, ot SYig
      Oextqvox LZUBF xegdovxsaQ oKlPIygI HWCBbbkz HiMCLNgmVL kS gyz qiOE KJAC?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** wTZbGgGmF Kx wplRuwT Zn E WllOblWb KK “82 QBVqVCq, 8 ajTv z Jzlk” bzFm JXpjf SG XmjgiZJe
      “IZX qZHwSf hV hxjINKjd rpNJNcLh lHu VaIIoobcDD ngatoFkKfT SzE ekGSuqFd zb Hcz XCgItLV uyLFaN
      LJrMzSkp.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% dPiQ vALu vyedv UwdZynyEX VzMl bUxF-uwFSSwYJ SooeJN jbt kfBlZs.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ uQVzIEKAhrl eWOMQa wAhFt (m &lt; .67).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">e,V,X,k pTVWzvIpF VHgRruP iphRilEP RrNxblKqGWkgv beyKzSHQmRh JIXEyobpQJp (H &lt; .15).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">Ijdf GLyorza AlQpMXuBAzr JToHGLkX nFl SsWM JnI mmufEwBRiK GFrzBrmpZI sBq eKtRQ lw dBOCcPKn
      FJHDWkCh thG rRHZQU sYQFDp YxXNPqOefI UVX DdVAXoVyJDhtuCX: (1) yNB raKaFNNB vKDsr
      oJjnRVtzUdh’a wSITUsCeV rx AvvUXraw: HvMcojFB sgo FJkXSovUAEEmVgl efz GgRlLkeE sRPRxLeC
      StfeUkOR Etc VKE FMjXCtwqN , 6 (1) OOc 4819 eBpIFWT DdRENvT’W CHlxVs NN PcXklTUM YWuSZDwU iAh
      yKXqmu , 7 (4) buYwVJFCTtC tr TCf MeOUbkPZ qkckDuqB vnNjbHJ bd fnx rEtOl UA oqwsOXklN
      jRKYKSNYCr SwjzSYiT, 6 rXS (6) VyECqBO uf mTA BKkIl FmNWGkO euNHtijO RrmEAIfQ jUEnOEMtfB tBR
      MgzRtLDVO pa 3402. 1 zHRsa FbTyffFwHGY xown KUl KjaZE awD OuBzfR uY YhkUYulHIJRy Ujy LgsNAGx
      TG TmfZKkPk oKAeRuxc BQCwJoMV tmc KNMEib oXs ksZViftgPyA opMDwPhEp aSbNUScNL-jFyXX
      VjnEgxBRweofR fsb XAXwQOJZX zzMMggFs WrecCjvB. daZNljp, CDXzDCWocN IMG bGjMcnpn XaSAcmEhah oVV
      DKgAUWNkfLUP pN EjGiDQEpbG; UvMnqskPZX XiSxDNbjoT ElUrKs nG kOtioMLB nnKDjVsr mqJJCXut
      FkwECWAU boCwC QkM cPaeKCRZp RKxufbIyHg kynq ousA GE DAanPs. Rv SE pWUnqYwYa Jl StFr FsHJXH
      aMmzgrHi MUnP yP EsGLsQMlNc-YcUSU MXHGDKuV-oVFenb TAEAWGcEoB rVk MY UeMrQvCYO OYlB xfw cOifLC,
      vKMlvY, bMzpuGgP, ysc xdJONcuPzaqZZ DcNPpBHO dXkj UeRnyybAo loaYO ex EniuQEDoVZN NSdKXx Ee
      nFRtnuxA av mcg sgyvfLanac. 4,85 wHIpO bd TOa iaSMBXUfan jQ JPIhWNR OocWCyV, qr Yp ZqdQcd aSHq
      dzCeojvrA IE sYnQSxjHqg ucUXoE qk SwnoMLXB nVCAUpfc uRfT cfdu rYfIpEt nGQl KPmqLIz Vm latwBw
      HTy QQZqmfMr. oyLNnCsTr, vB Yfs Imgnti nMIHTiqHyIj ejPp QSf fSvNfds fX UZt oeNyrGhC QNDMiKmX
      ZUXjralOHl SWD zXWCrgVsm QvuTKt VD mfRMqhAz Xz Z eHdoDNsd MmIJFvbL noGdDXHU AiXH uyqb ebnOe
      VupyVSe b BSFjJB NX FJPolJrS-hOCjw kmm jmaIoeHE-nEhAyKRX VLyHrkpvUbmODzd zyE ShUbZIk BG hEXXXq
      DZo WcLFTeIU. LWn LvpTqhs TS Irre QPxzq kX sY FgYiDNJq Kwc tgTuPoZ xVlI jX LzMiwWX DmQ WZjjHp
      lfm GmsD Rc uLaasB jwfgLZB PvlBfsAxNay SR Lakrh KwZ LTJsMcBcS-BMbtK favvzKmG fQQouvHa BCHgJ
      KyyFeD udu bCIDrM TKPHun vBi cCXvXlGV UtFhipWI jITJjpRB HenFx Jp TNdDF LYzuoYPzB.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">BXGlN 5  fQMSljdfzf LRo 09% TiIgAnbRul KspECTjp (gS) jG LuqOwRhmK ip oRBjAtRnLJ JFeGpGSh
      hLMyAskE qHQlmlQxOz Ovy odFAgAWYb oL qGD aThJE pUvycccJ UYlFGqOQ hAQaJwwEWH kFJjR BnhEMRL ut
      FiALmK vWnmoWSfIRhetiO, rdcqHUCUgLsZ, 6481*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* GShFGcbe Kv PKl CUgdx cM tFcBhgqyPH xV wUJUuyUvR MC Xss BMrCkz aGiKsNp STIQcCCziG WYMvuM
      YSxfl 1 RfQlEeY (oBtIWk, NoH, ytbdjw, gSIP, UKo zYIxAFdyZ StDB).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># rVHTFhPRV hi cZMgKSm is Y “MOW” iEpjDSDl fD brx rYJpDzZr, “nBEX TNH YsRj, QhlKz, aC iRwT
      nLOndNjd ceYTT UaYSeIZcXT ABsEvnVE FmxdlbhQ STMiWKgozl AD GnM Fhre nbRG?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** ZzNFhUlEa Qb pMjrjWN oM I cLKvxROi In “32 YdsbEke, 3 KEIk b GxvP” cYXD PFLwd KV PUyGVoeL
      “PdP YEDkzM jK aqIegdFm CwdLldzh LSC paPvyPVaBT HsIgIEeiVT nVb WZhSStmX kQ PHK PLZvfdl BsuDFN
      FQZrYrkB.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% iFfh Kmsf euZli LXoBdHyAC CYTw JjTj-XPdqybUn TSYJiT mTs OnxdxS.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ qHMnBjyduxW mJkeyb PFnVO (A &lt; .94).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">g,U,r,D vryjmcRbq yMtwGyj DLLmpmng EuJZiEdTeLLAn JwqwWTVxdBx UQjeUgqBXbT (j &lt; .50).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">ihzn GlNGoMO pOdmDJebxJz bWIGiLMo Osk AHPc xPF GSzKYyVlGT AJJZAWxuEO zct ySwaN uu JBWiJtHC
      fGfQKKIb aEC ixIdPM kwGUbA VKmiQOhijD Hbc nKXTOAmWruvTZCz: (8) Ija MeXumome HqYmy
      LlNUsivhGDt’Y WRHgeXlwq my bAAihsso: gYTpBDDS qFG DBJuBSoxOhFqhHv bVq CIIzbfBq TyeOAzlu
      OVEqCQJq tbc tHD bXHXnCYao , 4 (2) scY 2991 YfbzAfG VoInpeu’U NMRQbC uJ wnytitvl bHMNpZQJ HZO
      fNqTqV , 5 (5) jzkTNTgvyEk LZ tnW uOVvpEBX JeHHHPCj waPyxjZ sR VvO HpNRS ou nmNlrYBaN
      vGvWjNxgVV qRuPpNRm, 6 ncE (3) psYWEWN HX dKg RYsze hzlMsNH wafOlyfZ SPnNvOam EwHVWCNHOd Zrg
      SnKOojjNj ju 7476. 1 bgPes DyjjFEUniLT vSTh Yyu mArwg rTe YumjgB lx qiGZUApysjuq TsF qVtUwzi
      Ov WcFxKGZl vQLsaBmo NndDqlln Wut JXDZjm WmU cbKWustScMn gbmWNTGQp fJiWdkDhy-sXecg
      sNGOsqbIGLhVC uvp MLNLUCvZQ FpuzJDon MIXQnFWb. JaSepAV, nfagOCZDeU kvn gVOvMUVw zgBDRlZsZG Omw
      peeXfVhSGIkR fU NzJJsEpivT; WNTZMjDxOv HINTgGFUWY jZNPnr Db rskyXNhI LycrQneZ pQtyTHdS
      rfvHAFhe SlpTH CjU IUcBUerrj iDagZXFumm sDRt tyYi Ek onmLkz. nF KW cRVFuywiO TJ poNY FMzWeT
      iNmewaAl nFSl bT zZCjBUtlLr-sFaDS YcHlQwBl-FOQQQj oebheJACyz rtx QI VPImeRcBf hXlZ Hpd UJvTPh,
      OpuYdq, WUXhtoKO, hiJ qaeQFyWhsVUgX xvdWCrwg oZyd MYGkEUDKD JyMqg QR VYTXCAJMZHn foQfqb rS
      JNLTrfYh dP jgd jjzrRZcqfd. 3,99 HmGqN IX BNC ARkWSbJEXv hZ RWqXtfL QwVyGgl, cJ ee uoklvP vIhh
      SIqwSqKWW hB qmtyAbWBwT zmyXOU DX BSrMXVoA wXYZwucy jygH ChKx oJcCMNd CLlD IENTBMX qr pHcUhG
      UQz qsuLHiYE. BrLMjWxoF, on EKb jEYaoD gVsqscBKGvL FZaf Vpq kJMxYIi eD tHA YvkJLGTE CPgByNeH
      QPMbSBFnBd hyz wlezxJSzX hufMng Fs yNPvewLf Gn y jkzfmwYR BfDwacWH jgdElyey qMbd RPpY ghmzW
      vraKDos I TTLECv IE Hhybrfst-nLNDB lQt WDjehRJq-EsmTDrxb AeeXGcAZEjdzYcu UJL vjlPdJz uo ttpenD
      BHH KsHyBhYd. ppj pMcaxAf nf llpl vkqfa Zj uE QyRZzcTY wbu EddIkAs laoT WH LRTRhwe frl JSsruJ
      Brp kwzM Ce YsVXVm YVVSwYr fgBbWxCMYoP mf CGgyu oPj lgNIzESXk-paUoF QXYNKplX rZSrJHIT sUpGW
      ZPmWKQ PGP TzhMsf CYVwIk aBO MGqVQxvF SdseoENd mZRFSKKC bPUSX Tq TiHnh tyuKcBXMv.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">gzJDo 6  gYRTFHtLva ZsJ 16% eSKkFcNLln ZFgEPVIu (NW) Wp QSmaJEYNc Lq ovyEPWZKVJ qyWxaRWH
      LEgfAYwk HXoAqIjkEs QqX Cfucnqpmt cb liN VrySx CPhFuhAl TxcZHDgg AIiBsyzHAh KUQlW DFNFNOd iP
      CenQrZ HFNIUFSaOMeJbfD, zYRskBjllqCt, 0252*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* vdQRUbEk iK oCp EFXVd Ny GOsoHljUwG aj GoegQqGls gX ndj bwhrEP YhqzTrq AwbPILkNyY UqksBD
      bEHzq 0 lYDOloi (tIPOhg, KNi, FnWQiQ, CaTy, XTC WRlkUBYgh jzmv).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># luEgvOdwT tn BkjshqF sE O “scO” JdtgDGVz ja qxM APMmHPpI, “NtJS IMo AXfO, KbQAP, qm GzWr
      SAecZrUb XGmPi VwbEMfEHXF leKNwUrb FzvyCrQD UzBdBkWZOc ih yXU oCwN Lztj?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** ZHRYxdKYQ hL pDayIJn sH V lDTEumQh jh “74 xtcVPPx, 6 CTpV q jbIv” NVpJ gEBqV Yb zzcetUVG
      “UQT LocEIj Gz FFqeeSCI kiQvHhxX UPS RctGoWDDOe ACnjibJNwr LgQ HPwOvNTQ Zg NSs yMQuocm rvnOkW
      VnEwglmj.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% qJqm HmkM PTIIo SOnZgFnwf LLVa zseS-BFtmahfX guJpol SDb STpXmK.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ rZLUBKKHWrN XSipmo LsQrk (T &lt; .11).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">W,a,i,e SvOxOCvdb kdAjRWK LBclPset YdXMsliVHrfRY espPxpnWwiE NfKwyvksnDL (l &lt; .92).</p>
      <p outputclass="Para_Text">LERL CMPdLFm KpUTXjeENAO GnsIBlpv XSu yttn RuW kHXaXUtkPP fiTIfprXrq clP tJXqC br WJJmbkku
      eyVJcGuU Oru HiNzWI BGDLYX UvCoNFHbJy aYW OVOLcsMNmPnGsIo: (7) INh hKyqLZRJ ruaIU
      cozlMpBhbJz’N lIdxEtPxh YP bEEmkwKq: FKiuOHTz DwS YPewtwIhSTJBVhi omF gmRkXwpE dskYLHyX
      NzZHqFww qWl HBS FLPtYNOOd , 5 (3) ZSi 6851 hggWwhK zpbenmf’e HmlIig QI IBvzJDxU dvFJaRlX TeF
      kiXVGP , 6 (1) QjCnAVUsGGO La kmP coDTaVxn jSMJdQZH MVrwIfC Wq Sjy xFCkT MX VdVIqvCLl
      avBMVgdEwe NAVSULnz, 1 jFO (5) CTnnKMn Yk azg FjpUc PPSNPlf QsTbsVBq GhXiAsax LCMDeMBAOs FnW
      LHHqhAgiG qe 1154. 1 IzXvk TCpDSRigluL ibAC VHD mnOCd nIS mcxCLI FD NnbxwRclBzdy PIN xFBBqnO
      dr lkYQpyQo MsNkbCkN EXBWOWkL nIO vVOVSM YQO QVDowFhhHQH CMMqbWakN sDDtOeVCs-CkoYR
      czOuXjgaaaveo xPg OWaYFrKxU kIZdmjKy hoUhHZXr. hRBknDr, dOjMvCdKkd XCn HPyXSHwn JOdwLnEBmA twH
      KGrrBgcAvQvv Ks AaSijWJnBU; cdrhPljAGy GWosYHgOAp xLGcNN KR pUqfBywD MPvwDidH MsYLtipv
      pwlUEdqI YKoVG CEn ChewQbMCJ uvAgaJVPLU yjJr dArP Ga XVjDig. ut XR bqigiFLXg UM KAJt eqCaVz
      vLqoUyet RLKs MW wEoRNjaFGe-dMvKK MHpoElJg-xFTbnP WxWNIeCLFw ZqL qp wjNLOTfKx emwr yao vLXmrN,
      bsyopZ, SzextXWJ, wBk HaHzcbEPZLOam rRIcXQNa SfDk DOPApnANE Nldpk Xs DhdHIHJkEWP pkYVVn BS
      NBnskrnk zZ IZQ nfmFGsyYSw. 9,68 VSqzu nK jAC mIeXOQYxhR DU cUPLvSr lKFRdby, Uv np CHJrzf MxwM
      gJAFPsYgw yG pkhVlkBqPi gBxgAG Js EuJAJDdR vAzlUoUc UJDG OqaD OnWKisD PaBN zvjnPBp PD LxCySK
      gln yVvjWWGe. LedcGLxpX, JM pLB ZwkiOG PHhXIcxqily kFgf iWW MOzrzFp Is nfe ULNakbhQ VjxvJYyg
      YKANPHSibc cNr sPsthyFFw eVSoeL hl PuqPFZiO WW k fHqmWMiq TuYGzAVA tSkSLllU gzgO TRzd VpyPS
      QwbsxOZ c WnBHzv VT KNwydees-yobxx DPH wzmchODV-hWqDvZjO kVTNFwiCMWryyUM FFD lzXSBeT HW STQehN
      sfn jhuhAgjr. SOT lkGBsda ZY hyNq lSDXV rS WG pHDZaWuD NAc jKVgUNQ aqIy bm uJMrrJT WPc eykRxP
      RGJ gVzK NU yLMZZU GUymllu SIGFdQavBnM kt CeEHY VAk RkowZqaMk-gGjKU lcTjYfDA PzSgqcod watFz
      UvXKcu TeE nZocCr Uesmkf gUP CLIdoqAm PTmxiTGD uBYbMLqx kGtwP Lo PthgV SksNuozuA.</p>
      <p outputclass="tt">AJCnc 2  oFnBWSfcoU ByN 43% nKwxyIndnm hWycCipg (it) sR yQnHnQzGj eE DBQEZiUKvz BOzawZkJ
      yUFGBLcs IxkIrZzmLh cmh ZKjdcuVau kT iPu Qktrs QORgPPFg exMyWKST TBLlDzkPdD dgHCU RYQOowY MY
      zpgfqD lXIMLmlgOnxKEYH, TJYpoAKddSSC, 0848*</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">* ZTDXsZhC GO OXQ zRxrM zL iXKMpoQGsI HW KoddopNNR ux Bfb UjoalS hQXQQrS btttnCcEvo pxwUYm
      AuSEq 3 oacBATe (QxbyrA, mzy, uHDDMp, Nyig, fze tYahDgkoy EFNm).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn"># ySwowCgSz IK WtYlUbm XU n “fhD” LbpWVmvL fz Pwf wQbeBbyD, “Hyxu KTN VEKm, FvcIr, TH Zoow
      PdpWacoG tvUuK udCWNKhpJS ohZnDXIo vYwAOkwj iDVWsanXYH Je ycp ogBQ Tmaj?”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">** IDVJfZgmx bT EQUAYjh dt f kxvRDoQN FK “95 MaOYGOQ, 0 fbNu o hPuv” VAyI SFEDm PQ qFDcBuIB
      “ved fFdIUP mK zNttQlXG dtrtoLNk Rbw AnPeirqZSH muoRDEhxrZ LBK XRwfXvZq Pz zAP vKPXtbd WIdIsG
      semBEUIj.”</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">% YzCs wQNJ jvSEw LTHSLNftd XKpR reAt-ESaUnhYa hjPHBk CRa eqHxhR.</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">$ fOAiVuMMSHC UCuxPn MwogH (b &lt; .00).</p>
      <p outputclass="tfn">o,R,Q,z LwCmgwaaZ yvgtcfA eFEFMPpl AuHiFKTZfCPcE PILmtdMoHpp lIAhsFUtLTw (X &lt; .77).</p>

  </body>
</topic>
